Zest Airways , Inc. operated as AirAsia Zest ( formerly Asian Spirit and Zest Air ) , was a low - cost airline based at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Pasay City , Metro Manila in the Philippines .
In 2013 , the airline became an affiliate of Philippines AirAsia operating their brand separately .
Its main base was Ninoy Aquino International Airport , Manila .
The airline was founded as Asian Spirit , the first airline in the Philippines to be run as a cooperative .
Less than a year after AirAsia and Zest Air 's strategic alliance , the airline has been rebranded as AirAsia Zest .
The airline was merged into AirAsia Philippines in January 2016 .
Niklas Bergqvist ( born 6 October 1962 in Stockholm ) , is a Swedish songwriter , producer and musician .
Pacific Fair is a major shopping centre in Broadbeach Waters on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
It was Queensland 's largest regional shopping centre until 2006 .
In January 2014 , work began on a major redevelopment project to meet the predicted regional growth on the Gold Coast .
Prior to the redevelopment , the shopping centre had four main major stores including a four - level Myer , Kmart , Target , Coles and Toys ' R ' Us .
Daimaru operated in the centre before its Australian withdrawal , albeit briefly .
It also had a 12-screen Birch Carroll and Coyle Cinema ( re - opened as Event Cinemas in late 2015 ) .
Pacific Fair is a major public transport interchange on the Gold Coast , serviced by Surfside Buslines , and the Broadbeach South station located not far from the shopping centre .
Nearby is The Star Gold Coast and Gold Coast Convention & Exhibition Centre .
Pacific Fair fronts Little Tallebudgera Creek and is the southern end of the Surfers Riverwalk .
The Ministry of Home Security was a British government department established in 1939 to direct national civil defence ( primarily tasked with organising air raid precautions ) during the Second World War .
The Ministry ( run under the auspices of the Home Office ) produced hundreds of leaflets that were delivered to the population advising on how to deal with the impending air raids .
With the Allied victory in Europe the Ministry was disbanded in May 1945 .
The Lakes is a locality in Western Australia within the Shire of Mundaring .
It is located east of the capital city of Perth at the junction of the Great Eastern Highway and the Great Southern Highway , and is the easternmost suburb within the Metropolitan Region Scheme .
It borders on the western ward of the Shire of Northam and the community of Woottating .
It is also the locality in which Buckeridge Group of Companies ( BGC ) have quarrying operations .
BGC trucks carting material from the quarry use as their main route the Great Eastern Highway to various locations in the Perth metropolitan area , including the brick manufacturing location close to Perth Airport .
From the junction it is possible to travel to Northam on the northern fork , or York on the southern fork .
Alton is a city on the Mississippi River in Madison County , Illinois , United States , about north of St. Louis , Missouri .
It is a part of the Metro - East region of the Greater St. Louis metropolitan area .
It is famous for its limestone bluffs along the river north of the city , for its role preceding and during the American Civil War , and as the home town of jazz musician Miles Davis and Robert Wadlow , the tallest known person in history .
The former state penitentiary in Alton was used during the Civil War to hold up to 12,000 Confederate prisoners of war .
Us and Them is the fifth studio album by English band Godflesh .
It was released through Earache Records on 17 May 1999 in Europe and on 8 June 1999 in North America .
As with Godflesh 's 1997 remix album Love and Hate in Dub , Us and Them is influenced by breakbeats , drum and bass , oldschool jungle , trip hop and hip hop .
Shortly after Us and Them 's release , Godflesh frontman Justin Broadrick admitted that he " hated " the album as it was the expression of an " identity crisis " .
Nicola Lake is a glacially formed narrow , deep lake located in the South - Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada approximately thirty kilometres northeast of the city of Merritt .
It was a centrepoint of the first settlements in the grasslands lying south of Kamloops , and today is used for recreation and as a water storage site to provide irrigation and water flows to fisheries downstream in the Nicola River .
The lake is important in the history of the local Nicola people as the location of one of their major communities , Nicola Lake Indian Reserve No .
Jonas Geirnaert ( born July 28 , 1982 ) studied animation at the KASK in Ghent .
At that moment such statements were very popular , however his political preference has to be situated in the extreme - left corner as he is a militant for the marxist party Workers Party of Belgium .
the de facto illegal television calling games have been banned from television in Flanders .
The Second River , or Watsessing River , in the state of New Jersey in the United States , is the second main tributary of the Passaic River encountered while travelling upstream from its mouth at Newark Bay .
From its source in West Orange to the Passaic , it is approximately 5   mi ( 8   km ) long .
From West Orange , the Second River passes generally easterly through the towns of Orange and East Orange , where it is joined by Wigwam , Parrow , and Nishuane Brooks , then turns slightly to the north ( though still generally easterly ) , and enters the town of Bloomfield .
Here , at Watsessing Park , it is joined by Toney 's Brook .
After leaving Bloomfield , it enters the town of Belleville ( which was , early in its history , also named " Second River " ) , and turns slightly to the south ( though still generally easterly ) .
Soon into Belleville , it forms the border between Belleville and Newark .
Finally , it joins the Passaic River , on its way to Newark Bay .
Monson is a town in Piscataquis County , Maine , United States .
The town is located on Route 15 which is a somewhat major route north to the well known Moosehead Lake Region , to which Monson is sometimes considered a gateway .
Samuel Herbert Cohen ( 26 October 1918 – 7 October 1969 ) was an Australian politician , and was the first Jew to be elected to the Australian Senate .
He was born in Sydney , he was educated at Wesley College , Melbourne and then the University of Melbourne .
Basil Ivanhoe Gooden is an American politician who served as the 3rd Virginia Secretary of Agriculture and Forestry under Governor Terry McAuliffe .
He became the first African - American to serve in this position and during his tenure from September 2016 until January 2018 , he was the only black Secretary of Agriculture in any state in the United States .
In his capacity as Secretary , he worked to support Governor McAuliffe ’s mission of building a new Virginia economy in agriculture and forestry , two of Virginia ’s largest private industries with an annual economic impact of $ 91 billion on the Commonwealth .
Prior to serving as Secretary , Gooden was appointed by then President Barack Obama to serve as the state director for USDA – Rural Development in Virginia .
Born in Hungary in 1946 , he and his family emigrated to Canada in 1957 .
After arriving on the East Coast of Canada , they moved to the Vancouver Island , Cowichan Lake area in British Columbia .
After being transferred to the town of Mackenzie , British Columbia in 1974 , he began to spend more time on his art .
In North America he has exhibited in Florida , South Carolina , Las Vegas , Montana , Phoenix , Seattle , and in Canada .
He currently lives in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Nabacalis is a community on the East Coast of Demerara , in the Demerara - Mahaica region .
The One and Only is the third studio album by Memphis rapper , Lil Wyte .
" Talkin ' Ai nt Walkin ' " is the first single from the album .
The album got positive reviews and is Lil Wyte 's best charting album to date not counting the album which he made with Three 6 Mafia .
The High Commission is located in Suva , Fiji 's capital city .
Apparently Olen 's hymn reflected the pre - Hellenic role of Eileithyia , whom Olympian mythographers like Hesiod recast as a daughter of Zeus and Hera .
During her youth , Michelle lived with her grandparents in Northwestern France before enrolling into an international school in Kobe , Japan .
Ferre later enrolled in Sophia University in Tokyo , majoring in International Relations and Political Science .
Her ability to speak both English and Japanese led her to pursue a career in journalism .
She lived in Tokyo throughout her schooling and professional career .
François Asselineau ( , born 14 September 1957 ) is a French politician and an Inspector General for finances .
Asselineau was a member of the Rally for France ( RPF ) and UMP before creating his own political party the Popular Republican Union ( Union Populaire Républicaine or UPR ) .
His movement promotes France 's unilateral withdrawal from the European Union , the Eurozone and NATO .
In his critique he includes French Wikipedia , which has considered him insufficiently noteworthy to justify a page in the encyclopedia .
He ran in the 2017 French presidential election , presenting himself as the “ Frexit candidate ” .
" Where the Party At " is a 2001 R&B ; song by American R&B ; group Jagged Edge , with guest vocals by American hip - hop artist Nelly .
Billboard Hot 100 , spending five weeks at number three starting the week of September 15 , 2001 , stuck behind Alicia Keys ' " Fallin ' " and Jennifer Lopez 's " I 'm Real ( Murder Remix ) " .
It lost to Eve and Gwen Stefani 's " Let Me Blow Your Mind " .
Nihil is the eighth studio album by industrial rock group KMFDM , released on April 4 , 1995 on Wax Trax!/TVT .
Nihil 's first single , " Juke Joint Jezebel " , is the band 's most widely known song of all time , with millions of copies sold over various releases .
Along with her brothers Cláudio Abramo and plastic artist Lívio Abramo she is part of one of the most prominent families in Brazilian history in both politics and the arts .
Atomic Blonde is a 2017 American action thriller spy film based on the 2012 graphic novel The Coldest City , which revolves around a spy who has to find a list of double agents who are being smuggled into the West , on the eve of the collapse of the Berlin Wall in 1989 .
Atomic Blonde had its world premiere at South by Southwest on March 12 , 2017 and was theatrically released in the United States on July 28 , 2017 , by Focus Features .
The March for Women 's Lives was a demonstration held on April 25 , 2004 on the National Mall in Washington , D.C. protesting the Partial - Birth Abortion Ban Act and other restrictions on abortion .
March organizers estimated that 1.15 million people participated , declaring it " the largest protest in U.S. history " ; others estimated no more than 800,000 marchers , with the Associated Press and the BBC putting the figure between 500,000 and 800,000 , comparable to the Million Man March of 1995 .
( The National Park Service no longer makes official estimates of attendance after the Million Man March controversy in 1994 , so estimates are unofficial and may be speculative . )
Participants protested the recently passed Partial - Birth Abortion Ban Act ( 2003 ) as well as other policies they claim to be " anti - women " .
There were no violent incidents , despite Washington Post reporter Hank Steuver referring to it as " aggressive and even occasionally , almost delightfully , profane . "
The Belgian Socialist Party ( , PSB ; , BSP ) was a social - democratic political party which existed in Belgium from 1945 to 1978 .
The BSP was founded by activists from the Belgian Labour Party ( 1885 – 1940 ) , which was the first Belgian socialist party .
It ceased to function during the Second World War , while Belgium was under Nazi occupation .
Its main support bases were the co - operative and trade union movements , and it won relatively more support in Wallonia .
As linguistic and community issues became more divisive , the Belgian Socialist Party split into two new entities : the Socialistische Partij for the Flemish community and the Parti Socialiste for the Francophone community .
Juan Guzmán ( born Hans Gutmann Guster , also known as " Juanito " , 28 October 1911 – 1982 ) was a German born Mexican photojournalist .
He was known as a war photographer of the Spanish Civil War and later on his work with Mexican painters Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera .
Hans Gutmann was born in Cologne .
In 1936 he joined the Spanish Civil War as a volunteer of the International Brigades .
Gutmann later became a Spanish citizen and changed his name to Juan Guzmán .
There are more than 1,300 photographs from the Spanish Civil War in the archive of Agencia EFE ( Madrid ) .
His most famous image is the picture of 17-year - old Marina Ginestà standing in top of Hotel Colón in Barcelona .
It is one of the most iconic photographs of the Spanish Civil War .
In the 1950s he took a large number of photographs of Kahlo and her husband Diego Rivera .
Hanscarl Leuner ( born 1919 in Bautzen ; died 1996 in Göttingen ) was a German psychiatrist .
Eclipse operated service centers at Albuquerque International Sunport , Gainesville Regional Airport in Florida , and Albany International Airport in New York .
Calochortus lyallii , or Lyall 's mariposa lily , is a North American species of flowering plant in the lily family .
It is native and endemic to Province of British Columbia in western Canada , as well as the State of Washington in the northwestern United States .
Bartolomeo Altomonte , also known as Bartholomäus Hohenberg ( 24 February 1694 , in Warsaw – 11 November 1783 , in Sankt Florian ) , was an Austrian baroque painter who specialized in large scale frescoes .
He was the son of Martino Altomonte , also a painter .
Altomonte was born in Warsaw , where his father , Martino Altomonte , had been appointed to the court of Jan Sobieskis .
Altomonte spent most of his life in Linz and worked primarily in Austrian monasteries such as St. Florian 's Priory and Admont Abbey .
Mario Amilivia ( 9 November 1957 in León , Spain ) is a Spanish politician .
He has served as mayor of León , Spain on two occasions : from 1995 to 2003 , and from December 2004 to June 2007 .
He comes from a prominent Leonese family ; his grandfather , Antonio Amilivia , was president of the football club Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa in the 1950s , and the local soccer field is named after Antonio Amilivia .
For five years , he was associate professor of Constitutional Law at the University of León .
He was also president of the Regional Federation of Municipalities and Provinces of Castile - León ( Federación Regional de Municipios y Provincias de Castilla y León ) ( 1999 – 2003 ) , president of the Partido Popular of León ( 1986 – 1989 ; 1993–2000 ) .
The Elbe Lateral Canal (; ) , is a long canal in Lower Saxony , Germany .
It runs from the Mittelland Canal near Gifhorn to the Elbe in Artlenburg .
It forms an important transport connection between southern and northern Germany , and it provides a bypass of a section of the Elbe with limited navigability .
The difference in elevation between the Mitteland Canal and the Elbe is , which is overcome by a lock at Uelzen and the Scharnebeck twin ship lift , a boat lift at Scharnebeck .
There are small ports along the canal in Lüneburg , Uelzen and Wittingen , and a landing stage at Wulfstorf ( near Bienenbüttel ) .
Mário Cravo Neto ( Salvador , April 20 , 1947 — Salvador , August 9 , 2009 ) was a Brazilian photographer , sculptor and draughtsman .
Mário Cravo , son of the sculptor Mário Cravo Júnior , is considered one of the most important photographers of Brazil .
After that , he returned to Brazil and first exhibits the sculptures created in New York at the 12th São Paulo Art Biennial .
He died in 2009 in Salvador due to skin cancer .
Neto is the father of Brazilian photographer Christian Cravo .
Maya Ballgame , which is a branch of the Mesoamerican Ballgame , is an sport event that was played throughout the Maya civilization .
The Maya civilization was spread out throughout much of Central America .
One of the common links of the Mayan culture of Mexico , Guatemala , Honduras , and Belize is the game played with a rubber ball , about which we have learned from several sources .
BENS’ early work focused extensively on initiatives aimed at U.S .- Soviet threat reduction and inefficiencies within support functions of the Department of Defense , e.g. , the maintenance and construction of military housing .
They have also broadened their partnerships to include other government agencies such as the Departments of State , Treasury , and Homeland Security ; the Office of the Director of National Intelligence ; and the unified combatant commands .
Maple is an unincorporated community in Crawford Township , Currituck County , North Carolina , United States at the intersection of NC Highway 168 and SR 1246 ( Maple Road ) .
Maple appears on the Currituck U.S. Geological Survey Map .
The United States Postal Service operates a post office located at 3452 Caratoke Hwy . , Maple , NC .
The community of Maple is bounded on the east by Coinjock Bay , a tributary of Currituck Sound ; on the west by the Great Swamp ; on the south by the unincorporated community of Barco , NC and on the north by the unincorporated community of Currituck , NC
Fudbalski klub Sarajevo ( ) is a Bosnian professional football club based in Sarajevo , the capital city of Bosnia and Herzegovina and is one of the most successful clubs in the country .
Founded on 24 October 1946 , FK Sarajevo was the most successful club from SR Bosnia in former SFR Yugoslavia , winning two Yugoslav First League titles , being runners - up on two other occasions and finishing 6th in that competition 's all - time table .
FK Sarajevo was the only major football club founded by the post - war Yugoslav authorities in the city of Sarajevo .
The club entered the Yugoslav First League in the 1948 – 49 season , and eventually competed in all but two seasons in the top tier .
After Bosnia and Herzegovina gained independence from Yugoslavia , FK Sarajevo became one the country 's biggest ambassadors , departing on a large world tour during the Bosnian War with the goal of gaining international support for the country 's cause .
Today , FK Sarajevo is one of the most prominent members of the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina , where it has won three Bosnian championships , five Bosnian Cups and one Bosnian Supercup .
It is ranked first in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina all - time table and is the country 's most prominent representative in European competitions .
FK Sarajevo is the most popular football club in the country , together with FK Željezničar , with whom it shares a strong rivalry that manifests itself in the Sarajevo derby .
The club plays its home matches at the Asim Ferhatović Hase Stadium , named after legendary club striker Asim Ferhatović .
Since December 2013 , FK Sarajevo is run by Malaysian businessman , investor and former Chairman of Berjaya Group , Vincent Tan .
Collins Street is a major street in the centre of Melbourne , Victoria in Australia .
It was laid out in the first survey of Melbourne , the original 1837 Hoddle Grid , and soon became the most desired address in the city .
The eastern end of Collins Street has been known colloquially as the ' Paris End ' since the 1950s due to its numerous heritage buildings , old street trees , high - end shopping boutiques , and as the location for the first sidewalk cafes in the city .
The Minister of Home Affairs ( or simply , the Home Minister ) is the head of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India .
One of the senior - most officer in the Union Cabinet , the chief responsibility of the Home Minister is the maintenance of India 's internal security ; the country 's large police force comes under his ambit .
Ever since the time of independent India 's first Home Minister , Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , the office has been seen as second in seniority only to the Prime Minister in the Union Cabinet .
Since 26 May 2014 , the Home Minister of India is Rajnath Singh of the Bharatiya Janta Party , taking over the reins from Sushilkumar Shinde .
In Norse Mythology , Óttar , also known as Óttar the Simple , is a protégé of the goddess Freyja .
He appeared in Hyndluljóð ( the Lay of Hyndla ) , a poem in the Poetic Edda .
In this tale , Óttar is said to be very pious to the goddesses .
He built a shrine of stones , a hörgr , and on it made many offerings to Freyja .
The goddess answered his prayers and went on a journey to help him find his pedigree .
Freyja disguised Óttar as her boar Hildisvini ( the Battle - Swine ) and brought him to the giantess Hyndla , a seeress .
There , Freyja forced Hyndla to tell Óttar about his ancestors , as well as to give him a memory potion so that he would remember all that he was told .
Viktor Rydberg theorized that Óttar is another spelling of the name Óðr .
" Goodbyeee " , or " Plan F : Goodbyeee " , is the sixth and final episode of the British historical sitcom Blackadders fourth series , entitled Blackadder Goes Forth .
The episode was first broadcast on BBC1 in the United Kingdom on 2 November 1989 , shortly before Armistice Day .
Apart from the one - off short film made a decade later , it was the last episode of Blackadder to be produced and transmitted .
The episode depicts its main characters ' final hours before a British offensive on the Western Front of the First World War , and Captain Blackadder 's attempts to escape his fate by feigning madness ; after he fails to convince General Melchett , and Field Marshal Haig 's advice proves useless , he resigns himself to taking part in the push .
Richard Curtis and Ben Elton wrote the episode , and further material was provided by cast members .
The Palais Lanckoroński was a palace in Vienna , Austria , located at Jacquingasse 16 - 18 , in the Landstraße District .
It premièred on 5 March 1818 at the recently reconstructed Teatro San Carlo in Naples , Italy .
It was set to a four - act libretto written in French by Luigi Balocchi and Victor - Joseph Étienne de Jouy and the première was given by the Paris Opera at the Salle Le Peletier on 26 March the same year .
" Mighty Wings " is a song by American rock band Cheap Trick , released in 1986 as the third single from the soundtrack of the film Top Gun .
It was the third of five singles to be released from the soundtrack , following " Danger Zone " by Kenny Loggins and " Take My Breath Away " by Berlin .
George Charles Calnan ( January 18 , 1900 – April 4 , 1933 ) was a United States Navy officer who also competed for the United States as a fencer .
He was posthumously inducted in the US Fencing Hall of Fame in 1963 , among the first inductees .
A native of Boston , Massachusetts , Calnan did not start fencing until he was a student at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis , Maryland .
The song was first recorded in 1961 by American blues musician Howlin ' Wolf in the Chicago blues style .
It is rooted in the Delta blues tradition and the theme is derived from folklore .
" Himnusz " (; ) is the national anthem of Hungary .
The words were written by Ferenc Kölcsey , a nationally renowned poet , in 1823 , and its currently official musical setting was composed by the romantic composer Ferenc Erkel in 1844 , although other less - known musical versions exist .
The poem bore the subtitle " A magyar nép zivataros századaiból " ( " From the stormy centuries of the Hungarian people " ) ; it is often argued that this subtitle – by emphasising past rather than contemporary national troubles – was added expressly to enable the poem to pass Habsburg censorship .
The full meaning of the poem 's text is evident only to those well acquainted with Hungarian history .
The Piano Lesson is a 1987 play by American playwright August Wilson .
It is the fourth play in Wilson 's The Pittsburgh Cycle .
Center Gai ( センター街 Sentā - gai ) is a narrow street in Udagawachō ( 宇田川町 ) , Shibuya , Tokyo , Japan .
Its name is meant to signify how it is the " center " of Shibuya .
It can be reached from Shibuya Station .
Center Gai originated as a road built over culverts spanning the River Udagawa .
On June 20 , 1997 , as a result of strong winds from typhoon No.7 Opal ( 08W , Kuring ) that had descended on the Kantō region , a 4-ton archway at the entrance to Center Gai collapsed , killing one man outright and injuring several others .
Ridge is best known for his roles in Walk the Line ( in which he played Johnny Cash as a boy ) , the thriller Baby Blues in 2008 and the 2005 version of Bad News Bears .
Jackie Beat is the lead singer of the Electroclash band Dirty Sanchez .
Beat lives in Highland Park , California .
Francesco Pazienza ( born in Monteparano in the 1946 ) is an Italian businessman , and former officer of the Italian military intelligence agency , SISMI .
As of April 2007 , he has been paroled to the community of Lerici , after serving many years in prison , including a 1993 conviction due to his role in the Banco Ambrosiano scandal , and a 1982 conviction for mishandling state secrets .
In 1979 he was hired into SISMI , and became an assistant to SISMI director , General Giuseppe Santovito .
Pazienza left the intelligence agency in wake of the Propaganda Due scandal that rocked the Italian political scene in 1981 .
The Banco Ambrosiano scandal , Roberto Calvi 's " suicide , " and charges of mishandling state secrets concerned with the 1980 Bologna bombing , made Pazienza a fugitive from Italian law .
A first extradition request from Italy was handed to the U.S. government in 1984 , but Pazienza was not yet arrested .
Extradition procedures ensued , and a judge order him to stand trial in Italy , an appeal process did not change that , and Pazienza was handed over to the Italian government in June 1986 .
Hoàng Diệu ( chữ Hán : 黃耀 , 1828 – 25 April 1882 ) was a Nguyễn Dynasty governor of Hanoi , on behalf of Emperor Tự Đức , resident in Huế .
Diệu was born in 1828 into a family of officials in Điện Bàn District , Quảng Nam Province .
He was then posted to Bắc Giang Province , Nam Định Province and Bắc Ninh Province respectively .
In 1879 , Hoàng Diệu was appointed as the governor of Hanoi .
He committed suicide by hanging when the French under captain Henri Rivière , having exceeded his superiors ' orders , suddenly took the citadel of Hanoi on 25 April 1882 .
Hoàng Diệu is venerated alongside Nguyễn Tri Phương by the Vietnamese people as loyal subjects who sacrificed themselves for Vietnam .
Many cities and streets in Vietnam are named after him .
Rzeszów ( ; ; ; , Ŕašiv ; , rayshe ) is the largest city in southeastern Poland , with a population of 190,203 ( 30 June 2018 ) .
It is located on both sides of the Wisłok River in the heartland of the Sandomierz Basin .
Rzeszów has been the capital of the Subcarpathian Voivodeship since 1 January 1999 , and is also the seat of Rzeszów County .
In the 16th century , Rzeszów had a connection with Gdańsk and the Baltic Sea .
Following the Partitions of Poland , Rzeszów was annexed by the Austrian Empire and did not regain its position until it returned to Poland after World War I.
Rzeszów has found its place in the group of the most elite cities in Poland , with growing number of investments , rapid progress and a very high standard of living .
Rzeszów is also developing as a regional tourist destination ; its Old Town , Main Market Square , churches and synagogues belong to one of the best preserved in the country .
Eugène Olivier ( 17 September 1881 in Paris – 5 May 1964 ) was a French fencer and Olympic épée champion .
Eugene Olivier est un ancient escrimeur , medecin et collectionneur Francais .
Membre de l'equipe de France d'epee , il est champion olympique par equipe aux Jeux de Londres de 1908 .
Il est member fondateur et le premier president du Paris Universite Club ( P.U.C. ) .
The United States Attorney General ( A.G. ) is the head of the United States Department of Justice per , concerned with all legal affairs , and is the chief lawyer of the United States government .
Under the Appointments Clause of the Constitution , the Attorney General is nominated by the President and appointed with the advice and consent of the Senate .
The Constitution provides that civil officers of the United States , which would include the Attorney General , may be impeached by Congress for treason , bribery , or " high crimes and misdemeanors " .
The Attorney General may be removed at will by the President under the Supreme Court decision Myers v. United States , which found that the President may remove executive branch officials without the consent of the Senate or any other entity .
The common law further suggests that the President has the power to remove an official engaged in purely executive functions or an official whose duties immediately affect the President 's ability to fulfill his constitutional responsibilities , ( Bowsher v. Synar , 1986 ) .
Romeo Void was an American new wave / post punk band from San Francisco , California , formed in 1979 .
The band primarily consisted of saxophonist Benjamin Bossi , vocalist Debora Iyall , guitarist Peter Woods , and bassist Frank Zincavage .
They are best known for the songs " Never Say Never " and " A Girl in Trouble ( Is a Temporary Thing ) " ; the latter became a Top 40 pop single .
The band was started at the San Francisco Art Institute by Iyall and Zincavage .
The success of their second release , a 4-song EP , Never Say Never resulted in a distribution deal with Columbia Records .
His most famous work was for Walt Disney 's Disneyland Park , and its subsequent sister parks .
Willits ( formerly Little Lake and Willitsville ) is a city in Mendocino County , California , United States .
Willits is at the center of Mendocino County and at the beginning of the county 's extensive redwood forests as approached by Highway 101 from the south .
The Arch is the repurposed second version of the Reno Arch , from which the City of Willits removed most of the original plastic panels and of which it replaced the star with the flag of the United States and the slogan of Reno with its own slogans " Gateway to the Redwoods " and " Heart of Mendocino County " .
Gorzów County ( ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lubusz Voivodeship , western Poland .
It came into being on January 1 , 1999 , as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998 .
Its administrative seat is the city of Gorzów Wielkopolski , although the city is not part of the county ( it constitutes a separate city county ) .
The only towns in Gorzów County are Kostrzyn nad Odrą , which lies west of Gorzów Wielkopolski , and Witnica , west of Gorzów Wielkopolski .
As of 2006 its total population is 65,546 , out of which the population of Kostrzyn nad Odrą is 17,725 , that of Witnica is 6,849 , and the rural population is 40,972 .
Kiato ( , Sidirodromikos Stathmos Kiatou ) is a railway station in Kiato in the northern Peloponnese , Greece .
The station is located a kilometre west of the town , near the Greek National Road 8A ( Patras – Corinth highway ) .
It opened on 9 July 2007 as the western terminus of the line from Athens Airport .
Initially the station served as an exchange point for passengers to Patras on the old metre gauge SPAP line to Patras , but all traffic was suspended indefinitely in December 2010 for cost reasons .
Joe Garagiola Jr. ( born 1952 ) is the senior vice president of standards and on - field operations for Major League Baseball .
He is the son of Joe Garagiola Sr . , who played catcher for the St. Louis Cardinals and Pittsburgh Pirates in the late 1940s and early 1950s .
Pelantaro or Pelantarú (; from the Mapuche pelontraru or " Shining Caracara " ) was one of the vice toquis of Paillamachu , the toqui or military leader of the Mapuche people during the Mapuche uprising in 1598 .
Pelantaro and his lieutenants Anganamon and Guaiquimilla were credited with the death of the second Spanish Governor of Chile , Martín García Óñez de Loyola , during the Battle of Curalaba on December 21 , 1598 .
They succeeded in destroying all of the Spanish settlements south of the Bio - bio River and some to the north of it ( Santa Cruz de Oñez and San Bartolomé de Chillán in 1599 ) .
The Club Paradise Tour was the second headlining tour by Canadian recording artist , Drake .
The tour came following the release of Drake 's second studio album , Take Care .
The tour 's name spins off from the 2011 song " Club Paradise " , a promotional single released ahead of the release of Take Care , which , in turn , borrowed its name from a strip club in Toronto .
The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( IBRD ) is an international financial institution that offers loans to middle - income developing countries .
The IBRD is the first of five member institutions that compose the World Bank Group , and is headquartered in Washington , D.C. , United States .
The IBRD and its concessional lending arm , the International Development Association , are collectively known as the World Bank as they share the same leadership and staff .
François - Isidore Gagelin ( 10 May 1799 – 17 October 1833 ) was a French missionary of the Paris Foreign Missions Society in Vietnam .
He was born in Montperreux , Doubs .
In 1826 , when Emperor Minh Mạng ordered all missionaries to gather at the capital Huế , he fled to the south to Đồng Nai in Cochinchina .
" Dirty Diana " is a song by American artist Michael Jackson .
It is the ninth track on Jackson 's seventh studio album , Bad .
The song was released by Epic Records on April 18 , 1988 as the fifth single from the album .
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Lancaster , Pennsylvania .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on National Register of Historic Places in the city of Lancaster , Pennsylvania , United States .
The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below , may be seen in a Google map .
There are 207   properties and districts listed on the National Register in Lancaster County .
The city of Lancaster is the location of 57 of these properties and districts ; they are listed here , while the 151   properties and districts in the other parts of the county are listed separately .
One property straddles the Lancaster city limits and appears on both lists .
Canine leishmaniasis was first identified in Europe in 1903 , and in 1940 , 40 % of all dogs in Rome were determined to be positive for leishmaniasis .
Traditionally thought of as a disease only found near the Mediterranean basin , 2008 research claims new findings are evidence that canine leishmaniasis is currently expanding in continental climate areas of northwestern Italy , far from the recognized disease - endemic areas along the Mediterranean coasts .
" Ik wil alles met je delen " ( " I want to share everything with you " ) was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990 , performed in Dutch by Maywood .
The song was performed fifth on the night , following Turkey 's Kayahan with Gözlerinin Hapsindeyim and preceding Luxembourg 's Céline Carzo with " Quand je te rêve " .
Thus , the song was succeeded as Dutch representative at the 1992 contest by Humphrey Campbell with " Wijs me de weg " .
Empty Estate is an EP by American indie rock act Wild Nothing , released on May 14 , 2013 on Captured Tracks in the US and Bella Union in the UK .
Produced by founding member and primary recording artist Jack Tatum , the EP was released nine months after the band 's second studio album , Nocturne ( 2012 ) .
Regarding the release , Jack Tatum stated : " I feel like I ’ve accomplished in seven songs , on this EP , what I really wanted to do with Nocturne , which is to find a way to compromise all of the things [ I am ] musically .
Spiritchaser is the seventh studio album by Dead Can Dance , and the last before Brendan Perry and Lisa Gerrard went their separate ways .
The album was dedicated to Lisa Gerrard 's deceased brother , Mark Gerrard .
The track " Indus " contains a melody that is very similar to that of " Within You Without You " , a Beatles song that George Harrison wrote and recorded with Indian musicians in 1967 .
Herzogenbusch concentration camp ( , , ) was a Nazi concentration camp located in Vught near the city of ' s - Hertogenbosch , Netherlands .
Herzogenbusch was , with Natzweiler - Struthof in occupied France , the only concentration camp run directly by the SS in western Europe outside Germany .
General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union was an office of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union ( CPSU ) that by the late 1920s had evolved into the most powerful of the Central Committee 's various secretaries .
With a few exceptions , from 1929 until the union 's dissolution the holder of the office was the de facto leader of the Soviet Union , because the post controlled both the CPSU and the Soviet government .
Joseph Stalin elevated the office to overall command of the Communist Party and by extension the whole Soviet Union .
The office grew out of less powerful secretarial positions within the party : Technical Secretary ( 1917 – 1918 ) , Chairman of the Secretariat ( 1918 – 1919 ) , Responsible Secretary ( 1919 – 1922 ) ( when Lenin was leader of the party of Bolsheviks ) .
Richard Msowoya is a Malawian politician who has been Speaker of the National Assembly of Malawi since 2014 .
Msowoya served as Deputy Minister of Education in Bingu wa Mutharika 's cabinet but he resigned following the introduction of the controversial ' equitable ' selection of students into Malawian public higher education institutions , dubbed , ' the quota ' system which , presumably , disenfranchises capable students from more populous and intellectually more gifted districts .
He was elected as a member of the National Assembly on 20 May 2014 , and on 16 June 2014 he was elected as Speaker of the National Assembly , receiving 101 votes against 89 for Francis Kasaila .
He was also the running mate of Lazarus Chakwera , the Malawi Congress Party 's presidential candidate in the May 2014 general elections .
Mimolette is a cheese traditionally produced around the city of Lille , France .
It was originally made by the request of Louis XIV , who – in the context of Jean - Baptiste Colbert 's mercantilistic policies – was looking for a native French product to replace the then very popular Edam .
The cheese was known to be a favorite of French President Charles De Gaulle .
Wong Nai Siong ( ) ( 1849—1924 ) as a Chinese revolutionary leader and educator from Minqing county in Fuzhou , Fujian province , China .
He served in The Methodist Episcopal Church for many years and participated in the " Letter to Bus " reform , Hundred Days ' Reform and also the Xinhai Revolution which resulted in the formation of Republic of China on Taiwan .
He also led people from Fujian province to migrate to other countries including Malaysia , especially Sibu , Sarawak .
Wong Nai Siong was born in Fuzhou Ming Qing , where his father was a carpenter and his family was very poor .
Ellis Wellwood Sifton ( 12 October 1891 – 9 April 1917 ) was a Canadian soldier .
Sifton was a recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Sifton was born in Wallacetown , Ontario and was a farmer when he enlisted in October 1914 .
One of four soldiers to earn the Victoria Cross in the Battle of Vimy Ridge ( the others were Thain Wendell MacDowell , William Johnstone Milne and John George Pattison ) , Sifton was 25 years old , and a Lance Sergeant in the 18th ( Western Ontario ) Battalion , Canadian Expeditionary Force during the First World War when the following deed took place for which he was awarded the Victoria Cross .
The city of Athens ( , Athênai ] ; Modern Greek : Ἀθῆναι , Athínai ) during the classical period of Ancient Greece ( 508–322 BC ) was the major urban center of the notable polis ( city - state ) of the same name , located in Attica , Greece , leading the Delian League in the Peloponnesian War against Sparta and the Peloponnesian League .
In the classical period , Athens was a center for the arts , learning and philosophy , home of Plato 's Akademia and Aristotle 's Lyceum , Athens was also the birthplace of Socrates , Plato , Pericles , Aristophanes , Sophocles , and many other prominent philosophers , writers and politicians of the ancient world .
The Guess Who is a Canadian rock band , formed in Winnipeg in 1965 .
Initially gaining recognition in Canada , the group found international success from the late 1960s through the mid-1970s with many hit singles , including " No Time " , " American Woman " , " Laughing " , " These Eyes " , " Undun " and " Share the Land " .
The band have continued to perform and record to the present day , and at various times have included many well - known musicians , including Burton Cummings and Randy Bachman ( of Bachman – Turner Overdrive ) .
The band was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1987 .
The Azerbaijani Popular Front Party ( APFP ) ( , ) is an opposition political party in Azerbaijan , founded in 1992 by Abulfaz Elchibey .
During 5 November 2000 ( and 7 January 2001 ) parliamentary elections , the party won 11.0 % of the popular vote and 6 out of 125 seats in the National Assembly of Azerbaijan .
Niko Nirvi ( born 1961 ) is a long - term major icon in the Finnish gaming world .
He is well known for writing computer game reviews since the 1980s in MikroBitti , C = Lehti and the computer game yearbooks that were predecessors of the Pelit magazine .
Sorry I 'm Late is the second studio album by English recording artist Cher Lloyd .
It was released on 27 May 2014 , by Epic Records , Syco Music , and Mr. Kanani .
It is her last album released through Epic and Syco .
Sorry I 'm Late received generally positive reviews during its US release , with many critics praising Lloyd 's personality and vulnerability on the album , and commenting on the maturity in comparison to her debut studio album , Sticks and Stones ( 2011 ) .
The album was preceded by the singles " I Wish " and " Sirens " , both of which received equally positive reviews .
To promote the album , Lloyd embarked on her I Wish Tour , her second headlining concert tour and her first by touring North America .
Unite Against Fascism ( UAF ) is an anti - fascist pressure group in the United Kingdom , with support from politicians of the three largest political parties in the House of Commons , including the former Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron and Labour politician Tony Benn .
It describes itself as a national campaign with the aim of alerting British society to a perceived threat of fascism and the far right — in particular the British National Party ( BNP)—gaining a foothold at local , national and European elections , arguing that " there is a real danger that the BNP could get a significant platform in elected institutions " .
Elyn Zimmerman ( born 1945 ) is an American sculptor known for her emphasis on large scale , site specific projects and environmental art .
Along with these works , Zimmerman has exhibited drawings and photographs since graduating with an MFA in painting and photography at University of California , Los Angeles in 1972 .
Some of these projects were presented at the Museum of Contemporary Art , Chicago ; Hudson River Museum , NY ; Walker Art Center , Minneapolis ; Berkeley Art Museum , Berkeley ; Los Angeles County Museum of Art , Los Angeles ; and the Hirshhorn Museum , Washington , DC .
William H. Nobles ( 1816 – December 28 , 1876 ) was an American military officer , businessman , and politician .
Nobles was born in Genesee County , New York .
He moved to Wisconsin Territory in 1841 and settled in St. Croix Falls , Wisconsin Territory .
He then moved to Hudson , Wisconsin Territory and Stillwater , Wisconsin Territory .
In 1848 , Nobles settled in Saint Paul , Wisconsin Territory .
He was involved with the blacksmith , wagon building businesses and was a machinist .
In 1854 and 1856 , Nobles served in the Minnesota Territorial House of Representatives .
He also served on the Saint Paul City Council in 1855 and 1856 .
Nobles served in the 79th New York Volunteer Infantry during the American Civil War .
Nobles died in Saint Paul , Minnesota .
Nobles County , Minnesota was named in his honor .
The National Statuary Hall Collection holds statues donated by each of the United States , depicting notable persons in the histories of the respective states .
Displayed in the National Statuary Hall and other parts of the United States Capitol in Washington , D.C. , the collection includes two statues from each state , plus one from the District of Columbia , plus Rosa Parks , making a total of 102 .
By act of Congress , which commissioned the statue in 2005 , Rosa Parks is also there , though not representing a state .
Hers is the only statue in the Hall not linked with a state , and the first full - length statue of an African American in the Capitol .
Later that year ( on Juneteenth , 2013 ) , by act of Congress ( P.L.
In Occupied Europe during World War II , a co - ordinated assassination offensive against Nazi security forces , codenamed Ratweek , was mounted in January 1944 by the Special Operations Executive ( SOE ) , with the intention of creating confusion and trepidation at the same time as the Allies increased preparations for the Resistance 's contribution to the Normandy Landings .
Full details have never been released , but it is known that " Ratweek " achieved successes against Nazi personnel and collaborators in Norway , France , Denmark , and the Netherlands .
The Hitch - Hiker is a 1953 film noir directed by Ida Lupino , about two fishing buddies who pick up a mysterious hitchhiker during a trip to Mexico .
Inspired by the crime spree of the psychopathic murderer Billy Cook ( 1928 – 1952 ) , the screenplay was written by Robert L. Joseph , Lupino , and her former husband Collier Young , based on a story by blacklisted Out of the Past screenwriter Daniel Mainwaring ( who did not receive screen credit ) .
Curup is a subdistrict of Rejang Lebong Regency , Bengkulu province of Indonesia .
Curup is the 2nd largest city in the province of Bengkulu .
Curup subdistrict has an area of 3.95   km² , consisting of 9 Administrative village .
Some of the famous tourist spot is Suban Hot Spring , Bastari Lake , Mount Kaba , Waterfall in Kepala Curup , Tabarena and prehistoric sites such as Panco Stone .
" Honey , I 'm Good . "
is the second single from American musician Andy Grammer 's second studio album , Magazines or Novels ( 2014 ) .
Kevin Twaddle ( born 31 October 1971 in Edinburgh ) is a Scottish former professional footballer .
In Germany , by about 1795 , there was a growing interest in Homer and Greek mythology .
In Göttingen Johann Matthias Gesner began to revive Greek studies and a new humanistic spirit .
His successor , Christian Gottlob Heyne , worked with Johann Joachim Winckelmann , and laid the foundations for mythological research both in Germany and elsewhere .
Avellaneda is a department of the Río Negro Province , Argentina .
It is crossed by the Negro River forming a fertile valley known as the Valle Medio .
The river bifurcates and then both arms join again forming two main islands known as Isla Grande de Choele Choel and Isla Chica de Choele Choel and a few smaller ones .
The Isla Grande holds the towns of Luis Beltrán , Lamarque and Pomona , as well as the most fertile area of the department , with cultivations of tomatoes , apples and pears among the most important .
Choele Choel , on the other side of the river from the Isla Grande and at the intersection of Argentine National Route 22 and Provincial Route 250 that crosses the island , is the transport hub of the area with an important long - distance bus terminal , and an airport currently operating only private flights .
Through Darwin , outside the fertile valley , passes the railway that connects Buenos Aires with Bariloche , but the line is currently almost inactive , with occasional cargo - train traffic that does n't stop at the town .
" Déjà Vu " is a hit 1979 ballad song written by Isaac Hayes and Adrienne Anderson and recorded by Dionne Warwick in 1979 .
It was the second single released from her Arista debut album , Dionne , which was produced by Barry Manilow .
The song was Warwick 's fifth and last top 40 single of her 1970s period and her second top 40 single following the release of " I 'll Never Love This Way Again " in the five years since her number - one single , " Then Came You " , featuring The Spinners .
Warwick won the Grammy for Best Female R&B ; Vocal Performance for " Déjà Vu " .
Stampede Pass ( elevation ) is a mountain pass in the northwest United States , through the Cascade Range in Washington .
Southeast of Seattle and east of Tacoma , its importance to transportation lies almost entirely with railroading , as no paved roads cross it .
It is approximately south - southeast of Snoqualmie Pass , the gap for and south of Keechelus Lake .
The pass , and the tunnel to the south which takes advantage of it , the Stampede Tunnel ( ) , just below played a significant role in the history of the Northern Pacific Railway .
The tunnel opened for service in May 1888 , and is currently operated by the NP 's successor , BNSF Railway .
After over a decade of dormancy in the late 20th century , the Stampede Pass Line and Tunnel were reopened in 1997 by BNSF , which utilizes the route as one of two direct Northern Transcon main lines through the Cascades , between Spokane and the Seattle metropolitan area .
The Rockwell City Bridge is located just east of Rockwell City , Iowa , United States .
The span carried traffic on 270th Street over an unnamed stream .
In 1915 Calhoun County requested the Iowa State Highway Commission ( ISHC ) and Des Moines engineer James B. Marsh to design a bridge for this crossing .
They chose the Marsh submission , and contracted with the Iowa Bridge Company to build six bridges for $ 11,690 , which included the costs for this bridge at $ 4,107.65 .
Originally built to serve a county road , it was later incorporated into the route for U.S. Highway 20 and carried heavy traffic until the highway was realigned in 1981 .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998 .
Jon André Røyrane ( born 12 December 1983 ) is a Norwegian footballer .
Røyrane was born in Norheimsund and grew up in Kvinnherad and started his senior career for Norheimsund IL .
After the 2005 season he signed for Sandefjord Fotball together with his younger brother Ørjan .
Ahead of the 2012 season , Røyrane joined UMF Selfoss , and became the fourth Norwegian in the Icelandic club .
He went back to Norway and played for Stord IL .
José María Mijares ( born 1921 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban contemporary visual artist .
Nkandla is a town in the uThungulu district of KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
It is the seat of the Nkandla Local Municipality , and the district in which the residence of the former President of South Africa , Jacob Zuma is located .
The residence is located 40 kilometres to the south of the town of Nkandla , beyond the Nkandla Forest and on the road to Kranskop .
Nkandla is mainly a rural area and is in the top five of the poorest places in KwaZulu - Natal province .
Zuma was joined by Nelson Mandela to open Mnyakanya High School in 2004 .
" Health Care " is the third episode of the first season of the American comedy television series The Office .
Written by Paul Lieberstein , who also acts in the show as Toby Flenderson , and directed by Ken Whittingham , the episode first aired in the United States on April 5 , 2005 on NBC .
In addition , the episode retained 100 % of its lead - in 18–49 audience and ranked , along with the other first - season episodes of The Office , as NBC 's highest - rated Tuesday night program since February 1 , 2005 .
The discography of Colbie Caillat , an American musician and singer - songwriter , contains six studio albums , seven extended plays , one compilation album , twenty - two singles ( including six as a featured artist ) , twenty - two music videos and other album appearances and songwriting credits .
Caillat rose to fame through social networking website Myspace .
After signing with Universal Republic , she released debut album in July 2007 , Coco has sold 2,060,000 copies in the United States and is certified 2× Platinum .
In August 2009 , she released Breakthrough , her second album which became her first album to debut at number one on Billboard 200 .
It has been certified Gold by RIAA .
In July 2011 , she released her third studio album , All of You .
In October 2012 she released her first Christmas album , Christmas in the Sand .
Gorny District (; , Gornay uluuha ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion , or ulus ) , one of the thirty - four in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
It is located in the center of the republic and borders Vilyuysky and Kobyaysky Districts in the north , Namsky District and the territory of the city of republic significance of Yakutsk in the east , Khangalassky District in the south , Olyokminsky District in the southwest , and Verkhnevilyuysky District in the west .
Its administrative center is the rural locality ( a selo ) of Berdigestyakh .
As of the 2010 Census , the total population of the district was   11,706 , with the population of Berdigestyakh accounting for 55.2 % of that number .
Igor Yuriyevich Nikulin (; born August 14 , 1960 in Moscow , Russian SFSR ) is a former hammer thrower who represented the USSR , the Unified Team , and later Russia .
He won the bronze medal at the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona , Spain .
Emperor Gaozong of Song ( 12 June 1107 – 9 November 1187 ) , personal name Zhao Gou , courtesy name Deji , was the tenth emperor of the Song dynasty in China and the first emperor of the Southern Song dynasty .
He was the ninth son of Emperor Huizong and a younger half - brother of Emperor Qinzong .
In 1127 , during the wars between the Song dynasty and Jurchen - led Jin dynasty , the Song capital Bianjing ( present - day Kaifeng ) fell to Jin forces in an event historically known as the Jingkang Incident .
He reestablished the Song dynasty ( as the Southern Song dynasty ) in Lin'an ( present - day Hangzhou ) and was proclaimed emperor .
Zigong dialect ( ) is a branch of Southwestern Mandarin , spoken mainly in Zigong , Fushun , Weiyuan , east Rongxian and some parts of Yibin , Neijiang , Longchang and other neighboring areas of Sichuan .
The Heinlein Society is a United States organization devoted to the study and promotion of the late American science fiction author Robert Heinlein .
The Heinlein Society was founded in 1997 with the assistance of Robert Heinlein 's widow , Virginia Heinlein , and is a 501(c)3 non - profit corporation established in California .
The " semi - scholarly " society exists to " preserve the legacy of renowned writer Robert Anson Heinlein left " ; according to it , it accomplishes this through promoting " Heinlein blood drives " , distributing copies of Heinlein 's works to U.S. military personnel , awarding scholarships , and promoting scholarly research on Heinlein .
In 2016 the organization paid for a bronze bust of Heinlein for display in the Missouri State Capitol , following the author 's induction into the Hall of Famous Missourians .
The Thomas Viaduct spans the Patapsco River and Patapsco Valley between Relay , Maryland and Elkridge , Maryland , USA .
At its completion , the Thomas Viaduct was the largest railroad bridge in the United States and the country 's first multi - span masonry railroad bridge to be built on a curve .
In 1964 , it was designated as a National Historic Landmark .
The viaduct is now owned and operated by CSX Transportation and still in use today , making it one of the oldest railroad bridges still in service .
Piaget created the International Center for Genetic Epistemology in Geneva in 1955 while on the faculty of the University of Geneva and directed the Center until his death in 1980 .
The Cairns - to - Kuranda Railway is a heritage - listed railway line from the Cairns Region to the Shire of Mareeba , both in Queensland , Australia .
It commences at Redlynch , a suburb of Cairns and travels up the Great Dividing Range to Kuranda within the Shire of Mareeba on the Atherton Tableland .
Components of it include Stoney Creek Bridge , the Rail Bridge over Christmas Creek , Kuranda railway station , and Surprise Creek Rail Bridge .
It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 August 1992 .
The railway is used to operate a tourist rail service , the Kuranda Scenic Railway .
The Swedish Armed Forces ( , literally “ the Defense Force ” ) is the government agency that forms the military forces of Sweden , and which is tasked with defence of the country , as well as promoting Sweden 's wider interests , supporting international peacekeeping efforts , and providing humanitarian aid .
It consists of : the Swedish Army , the Swedish Air Force and the Swedish Navy , with addition of a military reserve force , the Home Guard ( ) .
The military history of Sweden includes several unions and wars with all of its neighbour states , including extended Swedish intervention in the Thirty Years ' War at the times of the Swedish Empire during the 17th and early 18th centuries .
Wars with Russia culminated in the Finnish War ( 1808 – 1809 ) , with Sweden losing Finland .
During the World Wars , the Cold War and throughout the 20th century , Sweden maintained a national policy of non - alignment , while the Swedish Armed Forces strength was based upon the concepts of conscription .
Hellmut G. Haasis ( born 7 January 1942 ) is a German historian , author , and broadcaster .
Haasis was born in Mühlacker , a town in the Swabia region of Germany , and has written two novels in Swabian dialect as well as a collection of poetry .
Bare Island is an heritage - listed islet located in south - eastern Sydney , in the City of Randwick local government area in the state of New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
The islet is located about south east of the Sydney central business district , within Botany Bay , close to the bay 's northern headland .
It was designed by Sir Peter Scratchley , Gustave Morell and James Barnet and built from 1881 to 1889 by John McLeod on behalf of the NSW Department of Public Works .
Bare Island is connected by a footbridge to the suburb of La Perouse .
Archie Comic Publications , Inc. is an American comic book publisher headquartered in Pelham , New York .
The initial Archie characters ( Archie Andrews , Betty Cooper and Jughead Jones ) were created in 1941 by publisher John L. Goldwater and artist Bob Montana , in collaboration with writer Vic Bloom .
With the creation of Archie , publisher John Goldwater hoped to appeal to fans of the Andy Hardy movies starring Mickey Rooney .
Umako conducted political reforms with Prince Shōtoku during the rules of Emperor Bidatsu and Empress Suiko and established the Soga clan 's stronghold in the government by having his daughters married to members of the imperial family .
Ernest Durig ( 1894 in Zurich , Switzerland – 1962 in Washington , D.C. , United States ) was a sculptor and art forger , known for his faking of drawings by Auguste Rodin .
El Escorial is a municipality in the Autonomous Community of Madrid , located 45   km ( 28   mi ) northwest of the Spanish capital Madrid .
It belongs to the comarca of Cuenca del Guadarrama .
The territory of El Escorial is home to the park of La Granjilla de la Fresneda .
The famous Royal Seat of San Lorenzo de El Escorial also known as Monasterio de El Escorial or El Escorial , is located in the adjacent municipality of San Lorenzo de El Escorial .
On the outskirts of San Lorenzo de El Escorial is the national memorial Valle de los Caídos ( Valley of the Fallen ) .
The Pylon Assemblage is an accreted terrane of igneous rocks in southwestern British Columbia , Canada , located about north of Vancouver .
Two units make up the Pylon Assemblage , although the youngest unit comprises nearly 100 % of the assemblage .
It locally overlies The Devastator Assemblage and older basal breccia .
Porphyritic plagioclase andesite of the youngest unit underlies much of the southern and western portions of Meager .
Devastator Peak , a volcanic plug at the southern end of the Meager massif , was the source for these lava flows between 1,000,000   and 500,000   years ago .
Ramon Magsaysay Technological University , commonly referred to as RMTU is a state university .
The Ramon Magsaysay Technological University is a government funded higher education institution in Zambales established in 1910 .
The main campus of the university is located in the Municipality of Iba , Province of Zambales .
The university is named after the province 's greatest son and former President of the Republic of the Philippines , President Ramon Magsaysay .
Cruz , Candelaria , Masinloc , Botolan , San Marcelino , Castillejos all in the province of Zambales .
The university also offers nursing courses at the Mondriaan Aura College in Subic Bay Freeport Zone , Business Administration at the Wesleyan College of Manila under a consortium program .
On the occasion of Gilson ’s 60th birthday , Schoemaker founded Les Synthétistes , a group of progressive Belgian composers consisting of Gilson 's former pupils .
Fort Sumter is a sea fort in Charleston , South Carolina , notable for two battles of the American Civil War .
The First Battle of Fort Sumter began on April 12 , 1861 , when Confederate artillery fired on the Union garrison .
The Second Battle of Fort Sumter ( September 8 , 1863 ) was a failed attempt by the Union to retake the fort , dogged by a rivalry between army and navy commanders .
Allan Octavian Hume , CB ICS ( 6 June 1829 – 31 July 1912 ) was a member of the Imperial Civil Service ( later the Indian Civil Service ) , a political reformer , ornithologist and botanist who worked in British India .
He was one of the founders of the Indian National Congress , a political party that was later to lead in the Indian independence movement .
A notable ornithologist , Hume has been called " the Father of Indian Ornithology " and , by those who found him dogmatic , " the Pope of Indian ornithology " .
As an administrator of Etawah , he saw the Indian Rebellion of 1857 as a result of misgovernance and made great efforts to improve the lives of the common people .
The district of Etawah was among the first to be returned to normality and over the next few years Hume 's reforms led to the district being considered a model of development .
Hume rose in the ranks of the Indian Civil Service but like his father Joseph Hume , the radical MP , he was bold and outspoken in questioning British policies in India .
I Love Mama « stylized as " I LOVE mama " » was a gyaru fashion and lifestyle magazine published monthly in Japan by Inforest Publishing .
Solid Rock is a 1972 album by The Temptations for the Gordy ( Motown ) label , produced by Norman Whitfield .
Williams 's final Temptations recording , " It 's Summer " , is the only song on Solid Rock that includes his vocals .
ToothPick.com is an online dental appointment booking service for UK users to find , compare and book local dentists .
Both NHS and private practice dentists are listed on the site .
Toothpick launched a limited , London - based Beta version in November 2012 and will then be rolled out nationwide in early 2013 .
The product is integrated with the company ’s dental appointment scheduling software , which is in use by thousands of dentists across the UK .
The company is backed by UK angel investors including Passion Capital , Pradeep Menon , Paul Edwards , Satish Jayakumar and Michael Stephanblome .
In the Hindu epic Mahabharata , Uttarā or Anglicized as Uttaraa ( उत्तरा ) was daughter of King Virata , at whose court the Pandavas spent a year in concealment during their exile .
It is also believed that Uttaraa had learnt dance from Arjuna during the Pandavas ' year of exile - in the Matsya Kingdom .
Living incognito , as was the term of the banishment , Arjuna lived a life of a eunuch and practiced his art of dance learnt from the apsaras in heaven .
Once King Virata realized who Uttaraa 's dance teacher was , he immediately proposed to offer his daughter to Arjuna .
However , Arjuna explained to King Virata the doting relationship that a teacher has with his / her student is like that of a parent and child .
He then proposed to make Uttaraa his daughter by marrying her to his son , Abhimanyu .
Uttaraa was widowed at a very young age when Abhimanyu was killed in the Kurukshetra war .
When Abhimanyu died , Uttaraa tried to burn herself on the pyre of Abhimanyu , but Krishna stopped her from doing so , informing her of her pregnancy .
Towards the end of the Mahabharata war , with Uttaraa in labor , Ashwathama , son of Dronacharya , while trying to avenge the defeat of Duryodhana and the Kaurava army , engaged in a war with Arjuna .
Knowing he could not best Arjuna conventionally , Ashathama invoked the potent Brahmastra , despite the promise he had made to the father / teacher that he would never use such a weapon .
When Arjuna fired a Brahmastra to match , Vyasa intervened , commanding both warriors to withdraw their weapons .
While Arjuna successfully did so , Ashwatthama did not possess the required knowledge .
Krishna suggested that Ashwatthama redirect the weapon to an uninhabited place .
He fired the weapon at Uttaraa 's womb , attacking the fœtus form of Parikshit .
Krishna intervened and revived the stillborn baby , giving Parikshit his name .
In due time , Parikshit gave Uttaraa a grandson , Janamejaya .
The Lodi Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through twelfth grade from Lodi , in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " B " , the second - lowest of eight groupings .
False Cape Natural Area Preserve is a Natural Area Preserve located in Virginia Beach , Virginia , just north of the state border with North Carolina .
The preserve covers a strip of largely undeveloped land located on False Cape between the Atlantic Ocean and Back Bay , and is one of the most undisturbed areas of coastal habitat remaining in the Mid - Atlantic .
It also hosts various plants and animals rare in Virginia , more than two dozen in all ; many of these are southern species at the northern limit of their range in far southern Virginia .
The preserve is owned and maintained by the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation as part of False Cape State Park , and comprises the undeveloped portions of the park ; these were dedicated as a Natural Area Preserve in 2002 .
Visitors must travel through Back Bay National Wildlife Refuge , which assesses a separate access fee .
Rapid Penang ( styled as rapidPenang ) is a public bus brand in the State of Penang , Malaysia .
Formed as a subsidiary of Prasarana Malaysia in 2007 , to date it is the main public transport operator within Penang ; its bus network serves commuters within Greater Penang , including the neighbouring towns in Kedah and Perak .
Rapid Penang was the second public transportation firm established by Prasarana Malaysia , a corporate body owned by the Malaysian federal government to manage urban public transportation .
The first was Rapid KL in 2004 , which now encompasses public bus , LRT and monorail services within Kuala Lumpur and the greater Klang Valley .
Thus , similar to Rapid KL , Rapid Penang 's bus fleet is under the management of Rapid Bus Sdn Bhd .
Alexis - Emmanuel Chabrier (; 18 January 184113 September 1894 ) was a Romantic composer and pianist , born in Ambert , central France .
His bourgeois family did not approve of a musical career for him , and his studies at law school in Paris to the age of thirty - nine he worked as a civil servant , while immersing himself in the modernist artistic life of the French capital , and composing in his spare time .
Tyrone is an unincorporated community located in Anderson County , Kentucky , United States .
The town is named after County Tyrone in Northern Ireland , where the Ripy family was from .
Joel Mandelstam FRS ( 13 November 1919 – 20 December 2008 ) was a British microbiologist , a Professor , at the University of Oxford , and a Fellow of Linacre College , Oxford .
He came to London in 1947 to work for a PhD under John Yudkin at King ’s College of Household and Social Science in London ( which became Queen Elizabeth College in 1953 ) .
From 1966 until his retirement in 1987 he was Iveagh Professor of Chemical Microbiology at the University of Oxford , where he built up a highly successful research group studying spore formation in bacteria .
Fawkner railway station is located on the Upfield line in Victoria , Australia .
It serves the northern Melbourne suburb of Hadfield , as well as neighbouring suburb Fawkner .
It is located adjacent to the Fawkner Crematorium and Memorial Park , which opened in 1906 , and from then until 1939 , special mortuary trains ran .
Until 1998 , the station had one platform ( present day Platform 2 ) .
The second track and Platform 1 were added as part of the duplication of the line between Fawkner and Gowrie .
" Have You Ever Been in Love " is a song recorded by Canadian recording artist Celine Dion , included first on her seventh English studio album A New Day Has Come ( 2002 ) and later , on her eight English studio album One Heart ( 2003 ) .
" Have You Ever Been in Love " was released on 14 April 2003 , as One Heart 's second ( promotional only ) single in the United States and Canada , while on 3 November 2003 , it was released as the third commercial single in selected European countries .
Harvey Specter ( Gabriel Macht ) is promoted to senior partner of the Pearson Hardman law firm .
Thomas Acda ( born Amsterdam , 6 March 1967 ) is a Dutch singer , actor and comedian , known as former member of the duo Acda en De Munnik .
Acda grew up in De Rijp and after graduating high school at havo level , Acda started the theater school , but soon switched to the Kleinkunstacademie in Amsterdam .
Together with comedians Raoul Heertje and Harm Edens he was member of the panel in Dit was het nieuws ( the Dutch version of Have I Got News for You ) for several seasons .
The film was a success in the Netherlands , so the VARA decided to turn it into a series , in which Acda starred as goalkeeper Willem .
Classics selected by Brian Wilson is a compilation of songs by The Beach Boys and released through Capitol Records in mid-2002 .
The film 's black humor , based on examination of characters ' self - destructive behavior , has been cited as an influence by The Sopranos creator David Chase , who later hired Buscemi to direct " Pine Barrens " and three other episodes of the show , and to star as Tony Soprano 's cousin Tony Blundetto during the show 's fifth season .
Antennaria media is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name Rocky Mountain pussytoes .
It is native to western Canada and the Western United States from Alaska and Yukon Territory to California to New Mexico .
Charlotte Brontë ( , ; 21 April 1816   – 31 March 1855 ) was an English novelist and poet , the eldest of the three Brontë sisters who survived into adulthood and whose novels became classics of English literature .
She left the year after to teach her sisters , Emily and Anne , at home , returning in 1835 as a governess .
Her first novel The Professor was rejected by publishers , her second novel Jane Eyre was published in 1847 .
Eric " Butters " Stough ( born July 31 , 1972 ) is an American animator and producer .
Born in Evergreen , Colorado , Stough attended the University of Colorado at Boulder and graduated in 1995 with a degree in film .
A longtime friend of Trey Parker , he has worked with him and Matt Stone on most of their projects , including South Park , , Orgazmo , and the Broadway musical The Book of Mormon .
He was the inspiration for the character of Butters Stotch on South Park .
The Health Sciences Centre is the largest hospital in Winnipeg , Manitoba , and one of the largest in Canada .
It serves the residents of Manitoba , Northwestern Ontario and Nunavut as both a teaching hospital and as a research centre .
The University of Manitoba has its Faculties of Medicine , Pharmacy and Dentistry , as well as Physiotherapy , Respiratory Therapy and Occupational Therapy , located on the campus .
The Cadham Provincial Laboratory is located next door to the hospital and is the main research and investigative arm of the government of Manitoba for infectious disease .
The Canadian Blood Services main building is located across the street from the hospital .
CancerCare Manitoba is also located adjacent to the hospital .
Comparing Thai and US entrepreneurs , Professor Krishnamra , head of the Sasin Business School at Thailand ’s Chulalongkorn University , has said “ given the size of the market and the stage of development , Chuan as an entrepreneur was comparable to the Vanderbilts or Rockefellers ” .
Chuan is the father of Krit Ratanarak and the grandfather of Chachchon Ratanarak .
Pierre Jean " Buster " Martin ( 1 September 1906 ?
– 12 April 2011 ) claimed to be the United Kingdom 's oldest employee , stating that he was born in 1906 .
He also received coverage in the media for fending off an attack from a group of youths in 2007 ; his heroics were cited by the former Liberal Democrat leader Sir Menzies Campbell as " living proof of why people should not be written off once they pass retirement age " .
Bullet Train for Australia was an Australian political party , registered from 2013 to 2017 .
It advocates that the first stage of the bullet train should run from Melbourne to Newcastle via Canberra and Sydney , and be built within 5 years .
The party grew out of the Bullet Train for Canberra party led by Tim Bohm , which at the 2012 ACT elections gained around 9,000 votes , representing 4 % of first preference votes .
The party had 18 candidates in the 2013 federal election , in the ACT , NSW and Victoria .
The Bullet Train For Australia party fielded four candidates for seats in the House of Representatives in the ACT , NSW and Victoria in the 2016 federal election .
On 23 May 2017 , the Australian Electoral Commission approved the party 's application for voluntary deregistration .
Cecilia & The Argonauts is a popular Nicaraguan rock band founded by Cecilia Ferrer ( lead vocals ) , Mattias Fjellström ( lead guitar ) , Janne Maninnen ( bass ) , Andreas Ekstedt ( drums ) and Jonathan Fritzén ( piano ) .
Cecilia Ferrer was born in Stockholm , Sweden in 1982 and have a professional musical career in Nicaragua since 1996 when she became lead singer of the Nicaraguan rock group Osiris .
The result is Cecilia & The Argonauts a Pop rock group with fusion of Latin American and European sounds .
Recently , in July 2006 , the band had its first Nicaraguan tour ; the Navegando Tour 2006 with four touring dates in Managua , Nicaragua .
Geku railway ( 格库铁路 ) is a railway under construction to connect Golmud and Korla , in western China .
The length of the line is 1,214 kilometers , joining Qinghai province and Xinjiang province .
The line will connect the existing Qinghai – Tibet railway and the Southern Xinjiang railway .
It will be the third railway connecting Xinjiang province with another Chinese province and the third line to Golmud after the Qinghai – Tibet railway and the Golmud – Dunhuang railway which is also under construction .
The railway will cross the Qaidam Basin , the Altyn - Tagh mountain range , and the Taklamakan Desert .
Crossing the Altyn - Tagh will involve the construction of three tunnels , including the 13.195   km - long Altyn - Tagh Tunnel ( 阿尔金山隧道 ) .
The railway will generally follow the route of Qinghai Provincial Highway 303 ( from Golmud to Mangya Lake 茫崖湖 ) , China National Highway 315 ( from Mangya Lake to Ruoqiang ) and China National Highway 315 ( from Ruoqiang to Korla ) .
Stranmillis ( ) is an area in south Belfast , Northern Ireland .
As part of the Queen 's Quarter , it is the location for prominent attractions such as the Ulster Museum and Botanic Gardens .
The area is located on Stranmillis Road , with Malone Road to the west and the River Lagan to the east .
Church Street is a main north - south running street in the city of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia .
It contains many of Wollongong 's well known and lesser known attractions and historic sites .
To the north it runs from the northern high rise district west of the harbour through apartments and flats and then down Smith 's Hill , up Church Hill and down to the mall , see Wollongong Central .
At the summit of Church Hill is the site of St Michael 's Anglican Pro - Cathedral .
At the mall a portion runs for pedestrian only use ( though this is currently up for debate as to whether cars should be let back in limited amounts and times on Crown Street , the street running through the mall east - west ) and then turns back to traffic along a section of light density commerce and residence for just over a kilometre .
For the first half of this there is a long car park within the street , used often by mall shoppers and people watching games at local WIN Stadium a few blocks to the east , due to no cost parking .
On the west side of this section is MacCabe Park ( often mis - spelt McCabe ) , a local park with a playground and youth centre .
South of this the street goes through residential areas to the immediate southern suburb of where it ends at J.J. Kelly Park , a local sporting venue , also used on occasion by circuses for tent sites .
Mount Cardigan is a prominent bare - rock summit in the towns of Orange and Alexandria in western New Hampshire , USA .
The Civilian Conservation Corps helped to develop the alpine ski trail network still in use today on the east side of the mountain .
The mountain is set in the Cardigan Mountain State Park .
The Cardigan Lodge , operated by the Appalachian Mountain Club since 1934 , is located to the east at the foot of the mountain , and is often used as a base for day hikes in and around the mountain .
Many schools from around New England have overnight field trips to the mountain during the autumn and spring months ..
Paul Chaudet ( 17 November 1904 , Rivaz – 7 August 1977 ) was a Swiss politician .
He was affiliated to the Radical Party .
During his office time he held the Military Department .
Owing to incompetent military advisors concerning the purchase of 100 Mirage fighter jets with a budget which increased by 66 % he was forced to resign in 1966 , by his own Radical Party .
With Jean - Pascal Delamuraz , he was probably one of the last true Swiss Radicals .
He remained , throughout his life , one of the rare right wing Swiss politicians who was able to identify with both wine - growers and farmers .
The Michener Award is one of the highest distinctions in Canadian journalism .
The award was founded in 1970 by Roland Michener , who was Governor General of Canada at the time , and his wife Norah .
Since 1970 , the Michener Award has been presented yearly by the Governor General at Rideau Hall to a Canadian news organization " whose entry is judged to have made a significant impact on public policy or on the lives of Canadians " .
Since 1987 , the Michener Foundation also awards annually the Michener - Deacon Fellowship , which provides financial support to a journalist wishing to complete a project that serves the Canadian public interest .
John Gregory Myre is an American journalist and NPR 's digital editor for international news .
Previously , he was a foreign correspondent for The Associated Press and The New York Times for 20 years .
Supernoobs was created by Scott Fellows , who also created Johnny Test , Ned 's Declassified School Survival Guide , Big Time Rush , and 100 Things to Do Before High School .
The second season has been picked up by Cartoon Network across Europe , the Middle East and Africa , and by Hulu in the United States .
Lucius Caesar ( Latin : Lucius Julius Caesar ; 17 BC – 20 August AD 2 ) was the grandson of Augustus .
The son of Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa and Julia the Elder , Augustus ' only daughter , Lucius was adopted by his grandfather along with his older brother , Gaius Caesar .
As the emperor 's adopted sons and joint - heirs to the Roman Empire , Lucius and Gaius had promising political and military careers .
His brother Gaius also died at a relatively young age on 21 February , AD 4 .
The untimely loss of both heirs compelled Augustus to redraw the line of succession by adopting Lucius ' younger brother , Agrippa Postumus as well as his stepson , Tiberius on 26 June AD 4 .
Nintendo Land features twelve different minigames , each based on an existing Nintendo game franchise such as Mario and The Legend of Zelda , depicted as attractions in the eponymous fictional amusement park .
He currently provides instruction for all around singing , music , studio and recording / processing techniques at RS Vocal Works in Baltmannsweiler , Germany .
Noah Noble ( January 15 , 1794 – February 8 , 1844 ) was the fifth Governor of the U.S. state of Indiana from 1831 to 1837 .
His two terms focused largely on internal improvements , culminating in the passage of the Mammoth Internal Improvement Act , which was viewed at the time as his crowning achievement .
The debacle led to a gradual collapse of the state Whig party , which never regained control of the government , and led to a period of Democratic control that lasted until the middle of the American Civil War .
After his term as governor he was appointed to the Board of Internal Improvement where he unsuccessfully advocated a reorganization of the projects in an attempt to gain some benefit from them .
Senieji Trakai Castle was a castle in Senieji Trakai ( literally : Old Trakai ) , Lithuania .
The first enclosure - type brick castle was built by Grand Duke Gediminas , who transferred the capital of Lithuania from Kernavė to Trakai ( today 's Senieji Trakai ) before 1321 .
The wedding of Grand Duke Kęstutis and Birutė was held there and it was the birthplace of the Grand Duke Vytautas in 1350 .
" Dragonstone " is the first episode of the seventh season of HBO 's fantasy television series Game of Thrones , and the 61st overall .
It was written by series co - creators David Benioff and D. B. Weiss , and directed by Jeremy Podeswa .
The episode 's main plot focuses on Daenerys Targaryen 's long - awaited homecoming to Dragonstone with her vast forces , and Cersei and Jaime Lannister treating with Euron Greyjoy for an alliance after the demise of House Frey .
" Dragonstone " received positive reviews from critics , who considered Arya 's revenge on House Frey , Sandor Clegane 's atonement for his old life , and Daenerys 's dramatic homecoming to Dragonstone as highlights of the episode .
The Runnemede Public School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade from Runnemede , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " B " , the second - lowest of eight groupings .
For ninth through twelfth grades , public school students attend Triton Regional High School , which also serves students from Bellmawr Borough and Gloucester Township , as one of three high schools that are part of the Black Horse Pike Regional School District .
The two other schools in the district are Highland Regional High School and Timber Creek Regional High School , which serve students from Gloucester Township , based on their address .
Jak II ( known as Jak II : Renegade in Australia , New Zealand , Europe , and Africa ) is an open world platform third - person shooter action - adventure video game developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 2 .
It is the second game of the Jak and Daxter series and is the sequel to .
It was followed by Jak 3 a year later .
Otto is a daughter of actors Barry and Lindsay Otto , and half - sister of actress Gracie Otto .
Valkeala is a former municipality of Finland .
It is located in the province of Southern Finland , and is a neighborgood of city of Kouvola , and it was a part of the Kymenlaakso region .
In the Valkeala region there is the lake Vekaranjärvi near which the Karelia Brigade is located .
Valkeala is famous for Repovesi National Park .
As of 2009 , the six municipalities – Kouvola , Kuusankoski , Elimäki , Anjalankoski , Valkeala and Jaala – were consolidated , accounting for the new municipality of Kouvola with a population of over 80,000 , being the 10th largest city in Finland .
Manolov won the top Bulgarian league , the A PFG , a record twelve times ( all with CSKA ) , as well as the Bulgarian Cup , four times ( all with CSKA ) .
" Swiss Lady " was the Swiss entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1977 , performed in German by Pepe Lienhard Band .
The song was performed twelfth on the night , following Israel 's Ilanit with " Ahava Hi Shir Lishnayim " and preceding Sweden 's Forbes with " Beatles " .
Sixto Paz Wells ( Lima , Peru , December 12 1955 ) is an author and lecturer focused on the UFO phenomena , particularly alien contact , from a spiritual viewpoint .
Known as the visible head of the Rahma Mission in Spain and a number of Latin American countries , stands out among the ufologists for having summoned the international press to sightings scheduled in advance in more than ten occasions .
As a self proclaimed contactee , he has published 20 books in Spanish and one in English about this subject so far ( July 2017 ) .
The Lycée Hoche is a public secondary school located in Versailles , not very far away from the famous Palace of Versailles .
In 1888 , the school was named " Lycée Hoche " after the French general Lazare Hoche who was born in Versailles .
Together with Lycée Henri - IV , Lycée Louis - le - Grand , Lycée Stanislas and Lycée Sainte - Geneviève , the Lycée Hoche is one of the most prestigious schools in France for undergraduate education .
Each year , scores of students coming from its preparatory classes are admitted to France 's most renowned graduate schools , such as the École Polytechnique , the École Normale Supérieure , HEC Paris and ESSEC Business School .
" Look Out Sunshine ! "
is a song by Scottish rock band The Fratellis from their second album Here We Stand .
The song is the second single release from the album after " Mistress Mabel " .
The single was released on 18 August 2008 and peaked within the UK Singles Chart top 100 at number 70 , marking the band 's seventh single to appear in the UK top 75 , but it fell off the chart the next week .
On the Scottish Singles and Albums Chart , " Look Out Sunshine ! "
The B - Side called " The Good Life " is bassist Barry Fratelli 's first published song .
The music video was uploaded to YouTube by Island Records on 22 July .
Washington , D.C. , during the American Civil War was the nerve - centre of the Union war effort , which rapidly turned it from a small city into a major capital with a full civic infrastructure and strong defences .
The shock of Union defeat at First Bull Run , with demoralised troops wandering the streets of the capital , caused President Lincoln to order extensive fortifications and a large garrison .
Blokland is a hamlet in the Dutch province of South Holland .
It is a part of the municipality of Liemeer , and lies about 12   km northeast of Alphen aan den Rijn .
The area Blokland , in which the hamlet is located , used to be part of Uithoorn , but became part of Mijdrecht in 1811 .
The eastern half of the area , Polder Blokland , still is part of the municipality of De Ronde Venen in the province of Utrecht ( which includes Mijdrecht ) ; the western half of the area , part of Polder Zevenhoven , is part of Liemeer in the province South Holland .
Confusingly , the hamlet itself lies in Polder Zevenhoven ; the houses in Polder Blokland are part of the hamlets Kromme Mijdrecht and De Hoef .
Headquarters Marine Corps ( HQMC ) is a headquarters staff within the Department of the Navy which includes the offices of the Commandant of the Marine Corps , the Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps and various staff functions .
The function , composition , and general duties of HQMC are defined in Title 10 of the United States Code , Subtitle C , Part I , Chapter 506 ( Headquarters , Marine Corps ) .
HQMC " consists of the Commandant of the Marine Corps and those staff agencies that advise and assist him in discharging his responsibilities prescribed by law and higher authority .
The Commandant is directly responsible to the Secretary of the Navy for the total performance of the Marine Corps .
The Commandant also is responsible for the operation of the Marine Corps material support system . "
HQMC is currently spread throughout the Washington , D.C. , Virginia , and Maryland area , to include the Pentagon , Henderson Hall , Marine Barracks , Washington , D.C. , Marine Corps Base Quantico , and the Washington Navy Yard .
Dylan & the Dead is a collaborative live album by American singer - songwriter Bob Dylan and the Grateful Dead , released on February 6 , 1989 by Columbia Records .
The album consists of seven songs written and sung by Dylan , with the Grateful Dead providing accompaniment .
Dylan & the Dead was recorded in 1987 , during a successful stadium tour of the same name , that featured the two artists performing separately and together .
Songs from two of the Grateful Dead 's performances from the tour are documented on the album and video View from the Vault IV , and one of the tour - rehearsal songs is on the album Postcards of the Hanging .
In 1992 , a bootleg of the first concert of the tour was released under the title " Orbiting Uvula " .
It includes the first - ever live performance of " Queen Jane Approximately " , the first live performance of " John Brown " since 1963 , and the first live performance of " Chimes of Freedom " since 1964 .
Hiram is an unincorporated community in eastern Wayne County , Missouri , United States .
It is located on Missouri Route C between Clubb to the northwest and Lowndes to the southeast .
The community is located on McCabe Creek just north of that steam 's confluence with Bear Creek .
The Pasteur Institute ( ) is a French non - profit private foundation dedicated to the study of biology , micro - organisms , diseases , and vaccines .
Michael Waters is a fictional character in Gus Van Sant 's My Own Private Idaho , portrayed by River Phoenix .
He is a sensitive , homeless hustler who suffers from narcolepsy , directly foiling his best friend and love interest , Scott Favor ( Keanu Reeves ) , who is a type - A personality hustler from a rich , influential family .
Yongxing Island Airport , also known as Woody Island Airport , is a military airport located on Yongxing ( Woody ) Island , the largest of the disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea .
Yongxing / Woody Island is occupied and administered by China ( PRC ) as the seat of Sansha city of Hainan Province .
The airport was expanded in 1990 to increase the combat range of Chinese warplanes .
Le Reculet is the second - highest summit in the Jura Mountains .
It is located in the Ain department in France .
Le Reculet was sometimes designated as the highest point of the Jura , until the elevation of the Crêt de la Neige was revised upwards to 1720 m instead of 1717.6 m.
The Château de Pirou is a castle in the commune of Pirou , in the département of Manche ( Normandy ) , France .
The castle was initially built of wood , then of stone in the 12th century and belonged to the lords of Pirou .
It was constructed near the shore of the English Channel , and used to watch upon the west coast of the Cotentin , to protect the town of Coutances and a strategic shallow - water harbour .
In 1968 the castle was listed in the Inventaire supplémentaire des Monuments historiques by the French Ministry of Culture .
North by Northwest is a 1959 American thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Cary Grant , Eva Marie Saint and James Mason .
It was selected in 1995 for preservation in the National Film Registry by the United States Library of Congress , as being " culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant " .
Gohar Ayub Khan (; born 15 January 1937 ) , is a Pakistani politician , business oligarch , retired army officer , and conservative figure of the Pakistan Muslim League , who held ministerial positions during the administration of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif .
Gohar Ayub Khan hails from the village of Rehana , located in the Haripur District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and belongs to the Tareen tribe of ethnic Hazarawal Pashtuns , He is fluent in Hindko and Pashto .
He is the son of former President Field Marshal Ayub Khan and played an influential role in sustaining his father 's presidential rule after the 1965 presidential elections .
After the 1990 general elections he was appointed as the fourteenth Speaker of the National Assembly .
Vladimír Dzurilla ( August 2 , 1942 in Bratislava , Slovakia – July 25 , 1995 in Düsseldorf , Germany ) was a Slovak ice hockey goaltender playing for Czechoslovakia .
For North American fans , he is mostly known for stopping 29 shots in a 1 - 0 win over Canada in the 1976 Canada Cup ( where the Czechoslovaks finished second ) .
He suffered a fatal heart attack at his home in Düsseldorf , Germany on July 25 , 1995 , only days before his 53rd birthday .
Borys Buryak ( born 25 October 1953 in Podvirne , Chernivtsi Oblast , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian painter .
Buryak today lives and works in Lviv , Ukraine , where he runs a private art school .
The Zilch memo was an American government document sent by National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger to President Richard Nixon on January 3 , 1972 , about the military situation in Laos during the Vietnam War .
Just the day before , January 2 , Nixon told CBS News reporter Dan Rather in an interview that the bombing was " very , very effective . "
Previously missing from the Richard Nixon Library , the memo was discovered in the possession of Alexander Butterfield , who served as the Deputy Assistant to President Nixon from 1969 to 1973 , by Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward , who subsequently published it in his 2015 book The Last of the President 's Men .
The statue of George III , Somerset House , formally titled George III and the River Thames , is a Grade I listed outdoor bronze sculptural group depicting King George III and Neptune or Father Thames , located in the quadrangle of Somerset House , London , England .
The sculptor was John Bacon , and the statue was erected between 1778 and 1789 .
When Queen Charlotte first saw the statue of her husband she asked the sculptor ' Why did you make so frightful a figure ? ' .
Ann Louise Wagner ( née Trousdale ; born September 13 , 1962 ) is an American politician who currently serves as the incumbent U.S. Representative for Missouri 's 2nd congressional district , serving since 2013 .
The district , based in St. Louis County , is heavily suburban and the wealthiest district in the state .
It includes most of St. Louis 's southern and western suburbs as well as some of the northern exurbs in St. Charles County and the northern portion of Jefferson County .
Wagner is a member of the Republican Party .
Prior to her diplomatic post , Wagner was Chair of the Missouri Republican Party for six years , from 1999 until 2005 , and Co - chair of the Republican National Committee for four years .
David J. Zuckerman ( born August 28 , 1962 ) is an American writer and producer and is best known as the original showrunner and executive producer of the animated comedy series Family Guy , as well as the creator of the American adaptation of the Australian television series of the same name , Wilfred .
A native of Danville , California , Zuckerman is a graduate of the University of California , Los Angeles .
In 1999 , along with writer and producer Seth MacFarlane , he developed another Fox animated series , entitled Family Guy .
Bankard - Gunther Mansion is a historic home located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
It is a richly embellished Italianate style building built originally for Jacob J. Bankard , one of many enterprising and prominent butchers who flocked to " Butcher ’s Hill " , and later George Gunther , who established the Gunther Brewing Company in Baltimore .
In 1919 the building became an important Baltimore charitable center to be used by the Hebrew Home for Incurables and the Emmanuel Center to provide humanitarian service to the community .
Bankard - Gunther Mansion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 .
George True Page ( September 22 , 1859 – November 4 , 1941 ) was a United States federal judge .
Born in Spring Bay , Illinois , Page attended the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign and read law to enter the bar in 1882 .
He was in private practice in Denver , Colorado from 1882 to 1884 and then in private practice in Peoria , Illinois until 1919 .
On March 1 , 1919 , Page was nominated by President Woodrow Wilson to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit vacated by Christian Cecil Kohlsaat .
He assumed senior status on October 1 , 1930 , serving in that capacity until his death , in 1941 , in La Jolla , California .
Political use of ribbons include red ribbons worn to commemorate the October Revolution ( 7 November ) in the former Soviet Union , and orange ribbons in the Orange Revolution in Ukraine .
Idylwood is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Fairfax County , Virginia , United States .
It originally developed as a suburban community along the route of the Washington and Old Dominion Railroad , and later along Virginia State Route 7 .
The construction of the Capital Beltway in the 1960s , and I-66 and the Orange Line of the Washington Metrorail system in the 1980s , as well as the concurrent development of nearby Tysons Corner into Washington 's leading suburban business district , led to the development of several apartment , townhouse , and small - lot single - family housing complexes , as well as the high - rise Idylwood Towers condominium , in the portion of Idylwood lying to the north of I-66 .
Shaji Kailas is an Indian film director best known for his hard - hitting Malayalam commercial films of the 1990s .
Shaji got a break in the industry with the comedy film Dr. Pasupathy ( 1990 ) .
He 's known for his collaboration with screenwriters Renji Panicker and Ranijth .
With Renji Panicker , Shaji made popular political thrillers such as Thalastaanam ( 1992 ) , Sthalathe Pradhana Payyans ( 1993 ) , Ekalavyan ( 1993 ) , Mafia ( 1993 ) , Commissioner ( 1994 ) , and The King ( 1995 ) .
Shaji 's collaboration with Ranijth brought forth stories set in a feudal background , such as Aaraam Thampuran ( 1997 ) , Narasimham ( 2000 ) , and Valliettan ( 2000 ) .
Rodney Allan Atkins ( born March 28 , 1969 ) is an American country music artist .
Signed to Curb Records in 1996 , he charted his first single on the Billboard country chart in 1997 , but did not release an album until 2003 's Honesty , which included the number 4 hit " Honesty ( Write Me a List ) " .
If You 're Going Through Hell , his second album , was released in 2006 .
Its first two singles , " If You 're Going Through Hell ( Before the Devil Even Knows ) " and " Watching You " , each spent four weeks at the top of the country music chart , and were respectively ranked as the top country songs of 2006 and 2007 according to Billboard Year - End .
The album , which has since been certified platinum in the United States , produced two more number 1 singles in " These Are My People " and " Cleaning This Gun ( Come On In Boy ) " .
It 's America ( 2009 ) included the number 1 single " It 's America " and the top 5 hit " Farmer 's Daughter " , which was added to a later reissue of the album .
Take a Back Road ( 2011 ) produced his sixth number 1 in its title track .
William Farrar Smith ( February 17 , 1824 – February 28 , 1903 ) , known as ' Baldy ' Smith , was a Union general in the American Civil War , notable for attracting the extremes of glory and blame .
As chief engineer of the Army of the Cumberland , he achieved recognition by restoring a supply line that saved that army from starvation and surrender , known as the " Cracker Line " , that helped Union troops to success in the Chattanooga Campaign in the autumn of 1863 .
Further prosecutions in 2010 followed raids against the group , prompted by further anti - semitic graffiti which had been put up in response to statements by political and religious leaders supporting the continued existence of Israel .
Among the items seized in the raids were machetes , baseball bats , an Israeli Army uniform , and tools used for painting graffiti .
Boccacci and four other members were arrested in December 2011 by the Special Operations Group of the Italian Carabinieri .
The group had made threats against Riccardo Pacifici , President of Rome 's Jewish community , Gianni Alemanno , Mayor of Rome , Gianfranco Fini , President of the Chamber of Deputies , and Renato Schifani , President of the Italian Senate .
The Republic of Karelia (; ; ; ; ) is a federal subject of Russia ( a republic ) , located in the northwest of Russia .
Its capital is the city of Petrozavodsk .
The modern Karelian Republic was founded as an autonomous republic within the Russian SFSR by the Resolution of the Presidium of the All - Russian Central Executive Committee ( VTsIK ) of June 27 , 1923 , and by the Decree of the VTsIK and the Council of People 's Commissars of July 25 , 1923 , from the Karelian Labor Commune .
From 1940 to 1956 , it was known as the Karelo - Finnish Soviet Socialist Republic , one of the union republics in the Soviet Union .
In 1956 , it was once again an autonomous republic and remains as a part of Russia after the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 .
Lucien Gaillard ( 1861 – 1942 , both in Paris , France ) was a French goldsmith and jeweller , who worked in the art nouveau style .
In 1902 he was made a knight of the Legion of Honour .
Laura Margaret Attrux , born June 28 , 1909 , in Duck Lake , Saskatchewan , Canada , was a nurse who received an Honorary Doctor of Laws Degree from the University of Alberta on June 19 , 1970 .
She worked mostly by herself as a district / municipal nurse in the remote communities of Valleyview , Whitecourt , Smith , Slave Lake , Alberta , Wabasca , Swan Hills , Paddle Prairie , High Level , and Rainbow Lake .
Burwell Otis Jones ( born March 23 , 1933 ) is an American former competition swimmer and Pan American Games champion .
At the 1951 Pan American Games held in Buenos Aires , Argentina , he won the bronze medal in the men 's 100-meter backstroke , and a gold medal in the men 's 4×200-meter freestyle relay event , alongside teammates Dick Cleveland , Ronald Gora and Bill Heusner .
At the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki , Finland , Jones swam for the gold medal - winning U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the men 's 4×200-meter freestyle relay .
Jones attended the University of Michigan , where he swam for the Michigan Wolverines swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) competition from 1952 to 1954 .
Stop Wasting Food ( ) is a Danish consumer organization that works for the reduction of food waste in society .
The Danish Agriculture and Food Council has estimated that Denmark wastes over 700,000 tons of food annually , at a cost of DKK 11.6 billion .
Stop Wasting Food , and its spokesperson Selina Juul , has received support from Danish politicians such as Eva Kjer Hansen , Poul Nyrup Rasmussen , Ritt Bjerregaard , Connie Hedegaard , Bertel Haarder , Frank Jensen , Dan Jørgensen , Karen Ellemann , Henrik Høegh and Kirsten Brosbøl , as well as food industry figures such as Rema 1000 and Coop Danmark .
The Catskill Escarpment , often referred to locally as just the Escarpment or the Great Wall of Manitou , and known as the Catskill Front to geologists , is the range forming the northeastern corner of the Catskill Mountains in Greene and Ulster counties in the U.S. state of New York .
It rises very abruptly from the Hudson Valley to summits above in elevation , including three of the Catskill High Peaks , with almost no foothills .
The Escarpment was the first area of the Catskills to attract the interest of European settlers .
Botanist John Bartram wrote a widely read account of an expedition there prior to independence , and a century later the North - South Lake area he had visited became home to a number of exclusive resorts , including the Catskill Mountain House .
Views of it inspired Thomas Cole and other painters of the Hudson River school , the first art movement in the United States .
Today much of it is New York State Forest Preserve within the Catskill Park , and a popular place for hiking , camping and other outdoor recreation .
Island Number Ten was an island in the Mississippi River near Tiptonville , Tennessee and the site of a major eponymous battle in the American Civil War .
In the mid-19th century the United States Government began to adopt a uniform numbering plan for islands in the Lower Mississippi River ( that part of the river below its confluence with the Ohio River near Cairo , Illinois ) .
KYSL ( 93.9 FM ) also known on air as Krystal 93 is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Album Alternative format .
Licensed to Frisco , Colorado , United States .
The station is currently owned by Krystal Broadcasting , Incorporated and features programing from AP Radio .
KYSL transmits on 93.9 in Summit County ( which includes Frisco , Dillon , Keystone , Breckenridge ) , 93.1 in Eagle County ( Vail area ) , and 92.3 in Clear Creek County ( Loveland Ski Area ) .
Krystal 93 owns the highest FM radio transmitter in North America .
It originally aired on NBC in the United States on October 1 , 2009 .
" A Very Crappy Christmas " is the seventeenth and final episode of the fourth season of the animated television series South Park , and the 65th episode overall .
It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on December 20 , 2000 .
In the episode , Kyle awaits Mr. Hankey on Christmas , but he does not show up .
To try to spread some Christmas cheer , Kyle and the boys decide to create their own animated special .
The episode was written by series co - creator Trey Parker and is rated TV - MA in the United States and is rated 12 in the United Kingdom .
Centipede is a vertically oriented fixed shooter arcade game produced by Atari , Inc. in June 1981 .
Centipede was ported to Atari 's own Atari 2600 , Atari 5200 , Atari 7800 , and Atari 8-bit family .
Under the Atarisoft label , the game was sold for the Apple II , Commodore 64 , ColecoVision , VIC-20 , IBM PC ( as a PC booter ) , Intellivision , and TI-99/4A.
Before Manchester City Football Club moved into their first permanent home in Manchester , England , in 1887 , the club played at a short series of grounds which ranged from established cricket venues to bumpy fields with no stands or boundaries nor history of sporting usage .
In 1887 , when City moved to their sixth pitch in only eight years , they had the money , ambition , reputation and stability to construct themselves a more permanent base of operations , at the stadium named Hyde Road .
The Children of Violence is a series of five semi - autobiographical novels by British Nobel Prize in Literature - winner Doris Lessing :
Martha Quest ( 1952 ) , A Proper Marriage ( 1954 ) , A Ripple from the Storm ( 1958 ) , Landlocked ( 1965 ) , and The Four - Gated City ( 1969 ) .
The first four novels are set during the 1930s and 1940s , in the former British colony of Southern Rhodesia , now Zimbabwe , in southern Africa , where Lessing lived from 1925 until 1949 .
" Run 's House " is a single released by Run – D.M.C.
from their fourth studio album Tougher Than Leather .
It was released in 1988 through Profile Records and was produced and written by the group and Davy D. " Run 's House " was the highest charting single from the album , making it to number ten on the Hot R&B;/Hip - Hop Singles & Tracks chart .
The track was later used as the theme song for Run 's show Run 's House and was sampled by the group for their hit single , " Down with the King " .
The premise of the song is that no matter who is performing at a concert or wherever they go , Run - DMC owns the " house " and always heads the bill .
Wolsey 's affairs prospered , and by 1514 he had become the controlling figure in virtually all matters of state and extremely powerful within the Church , as Archbishop of York , a cleric in England junior only to the Archbishop of Canterbury .
The Center for Free Enterprise ( in Korean 자유기업원 ) is a libertarian and formerly neoconservative think - tank based in Seoul , South Korea .
Anselperga was the eldest daughter of Desiderius , King of the Lombards , and Ansa .
She was the second Abbess of San Salvatore e Santa Giulia , which her parents had formed in Brescia from the union of San Michele e San Pietro with San Salvatore e Santa Maria .
She received donations from her father , mother , brother Adelchis , and her maternal relatives .
During her tenure San Salvatore was removed by her father from the jurisdiction of the Patriarch of Aquileia and given to the Archbishop of Milan .
William Boyd Sloan ( July 9 , 1895 – October 22 , 1970 ) was a United States federal judge .
Born in Gainesville , Georgia , Sloan read law to enter the bar in 1915 .
He was a member of the Georgia General Assembly from 1927 to 1931 .
He was an assistant attorney general of the State of Georgia from 1932 to 1933 .
He was a judge on the City Court of Hall County , Georgia from 1934 to 1945 , and then on the Superior Court of Georgia , Northeast Judicial Circuit , from until 1948 .
On February 19 , 1951 , Sloan was nominated by President Harry S. Truman to a seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia vacated by M. Neil Andrews .
Sloan was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 20 , 1951 , and received his commission on March 23 , 1951 .
Hamza Ali Abbasi ( Urdu/ ) is a Pakistani theatre , film and television actor , model and director .
He is known for his roles as Afzal in the drama serial Pyarey Afzal , and as Salahuddin in the drama serial Mann Mayal .
In 2013 , he appeared in two feature films , Main Hoon Shahid Afridi and Waar , for which he received the Best Star Debut Male and Best Supporting Actor awards at the 1st ARY Film Awards .
He received praise for playing the parallel lead in the romantic comedy Jawani Phir Nahi Ani ( 2015 ) .
Honold was born on 26 August 1876 in Langenau , in Germany , about 10 miles northeast of Ulm .
Robert Charles Gallo (; born March 23 , 1937 ) is an American biomedical researcher .
Gallo is the director and co - founder of the Institute of Human Virology ( IHV ) at the University of Maryland School of Medicine in Baltimore , Maryland , established in 1996 in a partnership including the State of Maryland and the City of Baltimore .
Gallo is also a co - founder of biotechnology company Profectus BioSciences , Inc. and co - founder and scientific director of the Global Virus Network ( GVN ) .
The courts of quarter sessions or quarter sessions were local courts traditionally held at four set times each year in the Kingdom of England ( including Wales ) from 1388 until 1707 , then in 18th - century Great Britain , in the later United Kingdom , and in other dominions of the British Empire .
They were abolished in England and Wales in 1972 , when the Courts Act 1971 replaced them and the assizes with a single permanent Crown Court .
In Scotland they survived until 1975 , when they were abolished and replaced by district courts and later by justice of the peace courts .
The quarter sessions were named after the quarter days on which they met in England and Wales from 1388 .
Mount Gilead is a village in Morrow County , Ohio , United States .
It is the county seat of Morrow County and the center of population of Ohio .
Before their arrival , the forest was a hunting area for the Shawnee tribe .
Located in the center of the village is Morrow County 's historic World War I Victory Memorial Shaft , unique in the United States , and Mount Gilead State Park is nearby on State Route 95 .
Other areas drawing tourism include the Amish farms , shops and stores east of Mount Gilead , near Chesterville and Johnsville .
Mount Gilead is also home to the Morrow County Hospital .
Dr. Nicholas Rush is a fictional character in the Canadian - American Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer - Syfy television series Stargate Universe , a military science fiction serial drama about the adventures of a present - day , multinational exploration team unable to return to Earth after an evacuation to the Ancient spaceship Destiny , which is traveling in a distant corner of the universe .
He is portrayed by Scottish actor Robert Carlyle .
Carlyle , while at first skeptical towards the show , got an interest in the character of Rush because he felt Rush was a " very interesting " character to portray .
Rush is a machiavellian scientist whose life 's work is uncovering the mysteries behind the ninth chevron of the Stargate , which ultimately leads him and personnel from the Icarus Base through the Stargate to a far - away galaxy where they must fight for their own survival .
Rush made his first appearance in the pilot episode , " Air " , first broadcast in the United States and Canada in 2009 .
The Grooves & Gravy Tour is a nationwide concert tour by American Rock band ZZ Top .
Opening for ZZ Top at most stops on the tour was Atlanta - based Southern Rock band Blackberry Smoke .
The tour consisted of 32 shows , including performances in the United States and Canada .
Evolution ( stylized as ƎVO⅃ution ) is the second studio album by American singer Sabrina Carpenter , released on October 14 , 2016 , by Hollywood Records .
Sabrina began recording the album in 2015 , shortly after the launch of her first studio album , Eyes Wide Open until 2016 .
" On Purpose " was released as the lead single from Evolution on July 29 , 2016 .
It was followed by promotional singles " All We Have Is Love " and " Run and Hide " shortly before the album 's release .
" Thumbs " was the second and last single released from the album .
It has been introduced in some countries where it was not native , one of which is Malta .
First kept as a pet , then recently during the 1990s , it was deliberately introduced to a number of fresh water rock pools in Gozo , where in one it sustains a large population .
East Midlands Parkway railway station is located north of Ratcliffe - on - Soar on the Midland Main Line in the East Midlands of England .
The station lies in southwest Nottinghamshire , about from the border with Leicestershire and from that with Derbyshire , between the stations at , and .
The Suda ( ) is a river in Babayevsky , Kaduysky , and Cherepovetsky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia .
It flows into the Rybinsk Reservoir of the Volga River .
Its main tributaries are the Shogda , the Andoga , the Kolp , the Voron and the Petukh rivers .
The source of the Suda is the confluence of the Koloshma and the Nozhema Rivers in the northwest of Babayevsky District of Vologda Oblast , close to the border with Leningrad Oblast .
The selo of Borisovo - Sudskoye , located in the upper course of the river , is named after the Suda .
Between 1927 and 1959 it was an administrative center of Borisovo - Sudsky District of Leningrad Oblast and of Vologda Oblast .
The historic Khvalevskoye Manor is located in the selo of Borisovo - Sudskoye on a 30-meter high banks of the Suda river .
In the lower course , between the mouths of the Kolp ( left ) and the Andoga ( right ) the Suda runs close to the urban - type settlement of Kaduy , the center of Kaduysky District , located on the left bank .
The mouth of the Suda is located in the settlement of Suda , and the lower course is essentially a bay of the Rybinsk Reservoir .
The river basin of the Suda comprises vast area in the west of Vologda Oblast , in particular , almost all of Babayevsky District , almost all of Kaduysky District , large areas in Belozersky and Cherepovetsky District of Vologda Oblast and in Boksitogorsky District of Leningrad Oblast , as well as minor areas in Vytegorsky and Ustyuzhensky Districts of Vologda Oblast and Tikhvinsky and Podporozhsky Districts of Leningrad Oblast .
The biggest of the lakes is Lake Andozero in Belozersky District .
The lower course of the Suda ( ) is listed in the State Water Register of Russia as navigable , however , there is no passenger navigation .
Alfred Louis Olivier Legrand Des Cloizeaux ( 17 October 18176 May 1897 ) was a French mineralogist .
Des Cloizeaux was born at Beauvais , in the department of Oise .
He became professor of mineralogy at the École Normale Supérieure and afterwards at the Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris .
His best - known books are Leçons de cristallographie ( 1861 ) and Manuel de minéralogie ( 2 vols . , Paris , 1862 , 1874 and 1893 ) .
Lascar , a type of sailor or militiaman employed by the British in South Asia ( modern Bangladesh , India , and Pakistan )
Laskhar ( novel ) , a 2008 military action thriller by Mukul Deva , published by HarperCollins .
Lashkargah , a city in southern Afghanistan , capital of Helmand Province
Lashkar , Iran , a village in Kerman Province , Iran
Oleksandr Valentynovych Turchynov (; born 31 March 1964 ) is a Ukrainian politician , screenwriter , Baptist minister and economist .
He is the current Secretary of the National Security and Defence Council of Ukraine .
Turchynov is a former acting President of Ukraine from the removal from power of President Viktor Yanukovych on 21 February 2014 , until Petro Poroshenko was sworn in as Ukrainian President on 7 June 2014 .
He then became Chairman of the Ukrainian Parliament until 27 November 2014 .
Turchynov also served as acting Prime Minister in 2010 ( when he was the First Vice Prime Minister in the absence of a prime minister after Yulia Tymoshenko 's government was dismissed on 3 March 2010 ) until the Verkhovna Rada ( Ukrainian parliament ) appointed Mykola Azarov as Prime Minister on 11 March 2010 .
In 2005 , Turchynov served as the head of the Security Service of Ukraine .
Turchynov was the first deputy chairman of the political party Batkivshchyna ( All - Ukrainian Union " Fatherland " ) and a close associate of party leader Yulia Tymoshenko .
Lucas Hedges ( born December 12 , 1996 ) is an American actor .
The child of writer - director Peter Hedges , he studied theater at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts .
A further 42.5 % is owned by the Central Bank of Nigeria .
Fernando Javier Llorente Torres (; born 26 February 1985 ) , nicknamed El Rey León ( " The Lion King " in Spanish ) , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Tottenham Hotspur and the Spain national team .
Llorente started his career with Athletic Bilbao , working his way through the various youth ranks and becoming one of the most important offensive players for the club in the following decade , since making his first team debut in 2005 .
He signed with Juventus in 2013 , winning the Serie A twice during his two - year spell there ; subsequently , he spent the 2015 – 16 campaign back in Spain with Sevilla , then competed in the Premier League with Swansea City and Tottenham Hotspur .
A Spain international since late 2008 , Llorente was a member of the squads which won the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012 .
Norrtåg ( English : North trains ) is a publicly owned company which is owned by Norrbotten County , Västerbotten County , Västernorrland County and Jämtland County in Sweden .
Norrtåg started operation in 2010 on the brand new railway Botniabanan , and in 2011 it took over the traffic until then branded Mittnabotåget .
Trains were operated by Botniatåg ( owned by SJ AB and DB Regio ) until 20 August 2016 , when Tågkompaniet took over the franchise .
The song was written in the Ngaanyatjarra lands of Western Australia where Gordon works in music production and development .
The Melbourne Age went as far as to say that Midnight Oil 's ' Blue Sky Mine ' has nothing on ' Australia ( Whore of the World ) ' .
The Song has been banned by ABC Local Radio Southern Queensland ( Australian Broadcasting Corporation ) as being too provocative for a conservative audience .
Benjamin Gibbard ( born August 11 , 1976 ) is an American singer , songwriter and guitarist .
Gibbard released his debut solo album , Former Lives , in 2012 , and a collaborative studio album , One Fast Move or I 'm Gone ( 2009 ) , with Uncle Tupelo and Son Volt 's Jay Farrar .
While performing guitar in the band Pinwheel , Gibbard recorded a demo cassette under the moniker Death Cab for Cutie , titled You Can Play These Songs with Chords ( 1997 ) .
After receiving a positive response to the material , Gibbard expanded the project into a full band , with the addition of Chris Walla ( guitar ) , Nick Harmer ( bass ) and Nathan Good ( drums ) .
The following year , the band released its debut album , Something About Airplanes ( 1998 ) , on Barsuk Records , and released its follow - up , We Have the Facts and We 're Voting Yes , in 2000 .
Peter Macdonald ( August 14 , 1835 – March 24 , 1923 ) was a physician and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
He represented Huron East in the House of Commons of Canada from 1887 to 1904 as a Liberal member .
He was born in Pictou County , Nova Scotia , the son of James and Margaret Macdonald , Scottish immigrants , came to Huron County , Canada West with his parents in 1846 and was educated in Toronto .
He graduated from Trinity College in medicine in 1872 and set up practice in Wingham .
Macdonald served as a member of the town council for Winham ; he was reeve in 1879 and mayor in 1881 .
Tenglong Cave ( ) is a cave located from Lichuan City , Hubei , China .
To facilitate tourist access to the cave , as well as to the so - called Enshi Grand Canyon Scenic Area ( 恩施大峡谷景区 ) , the prefectural authorities are considering plans for the construction of a tourist railway , which will link these two popular tourist attractions with a station on the Yichang−Wanzhou Railway ( probably , Lichuan ) .
Tin Machine is the debut album by Anglo - American hard rock band Tin Machine .
It was originally released in May 1989 , on the label EMI .
The band was the latest venture of David Bowie , inspired by sessions with guitarist Reeves Gabrels .
Drummer Hunt Sales and bassist Tony Fox Sales formed the rest of the band , with " fifth member " Kevin Armstrong providing rhythm guitar and Hammond organ .
The project was intended as a back - to - basics album by Bowie , with a hard rock sound and simple production , as opposed to his past two solo albums .
The Export Control Act of 1940 was one in a series of legislative efforts by the United States government and initially the administration of President Franklin D. Roosevelt to accomplish two tasks : to avoid scarcity of critical commodities in a likely pre - war environment , and to limit the exportation of materiel to pre - World War II Imperial Japan .
Although controls were first authorized in 1940 in regard to munitions and similar materials essential to the defense effort , its coverage was extended in 1942 to all commodities , and broader geographic coverage , following America 's entry into World War II .
The scarcity of certain goods in the world markets however , made continuance of controls necessary in order to prevent a drain on such goods from plentiful American supplies with its consequential inflationary effects .
The law included both domestic policies aimed primarily at conditions within the United States , as well as controls directed at conditions outside the country , as an instrument of American foreign policy .
This is exemplified by the restrictions on export of certain strategic or military items to the Soviet bloc or to other countries which it felt , if permitted , would be detrimental to the foreign policy program of the United States during the Cold War .
The foreign policy motive became so strong that it brought legislation directing the President to enlist the cooperation of other nations in enacting controls on trade with the Soviet block to parallel those of the United States .
The benefits of the various economic and military aid programs were to be withheld from non - cooperating nations , as in the Mutual Defense Assistance Control Act of 1951 .
" Make Me Bad " is a song written and recorded by the American nu metal band Korn for their fourth studio album , Issues .
An acoustic medley of " Make Me Bad " and The Cure 's " In Between Days " was performed with The Cure for the series in December 2006 .
In 1839 he was made director of the royal art collections and had significant influence on Frederick William IV of Prussia for a re - development of the Museumsinsel , Berlin .
Olfers described a number of new mammal species in Wilhelm Ludwig von Eschwege 's Journal von Brasilien ( 1818 ) .
Mamungari Conservation Park ( formerly known as Unnamed National Park , Unnamed Conservation Park and also known as the Unnamed Biosphere Reserve ) is a protected area located in South Australia within the southern Great Victoria Desert and northern Nullarbor Plain about west of Maralinga and northwest of Ceduna .
The conservation park was proclaimed in 1970 as a national park under the then National Parks Act 1966 for the purpose of conserving ‘ the environments of the Great Victoria Desert and protect wilderness values.’ It was not assigned a name in 1970 and was subsequently constituted as the Unnamed Conservation Park under the National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972 .
It is one of fourteen United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) World Biosphere Reserves in Australia and obtained this status in 1977 with the name of the Unnamed Biosphere Reserve .
The conservation park is managed jointly by the traditional owners ( the Maralinga Tjarutja and the Pila Nguru communities ) and the Department of Environment , Water and Natural Resources ( DEWNR ) .
The only road of significance that passes through the conservation park is the Anne Beadell Highway .
Apgujeong - dong (; ) is a ward of Gangnam - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
One of the main shopping area is Apgujeong Rodeo Street , along with Cheongdam - dong Fashion Street in Cheongdam - dong and Garosu - gil in Sinsa - dong , which are connected by the main avenue Apgujeong - ro .
Born in Dallas , Texas , Jones received her bachelor 's degree from Emerson College and her law degree from Boston College Law School .
In 1993 , President Bill Clinton appointed Jones as United States Attorney for the Southern District of Texas .
Before her appointment as U.S. Attorney , Jones was also the first African - American woman to serve on the First Court of the Texas Courts of Appeals .
The story of Land of the Dead deals with a zombie assault on Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , where a feudal - like government exists .
, usually abbreviated as Sankyū ( 参急 ) , was a private railway company that operated in Nara Prefecture and Mie Prefecture , Japan for 14 years from 1927 to 1941 , when it merged with its parent company , Ōsaka Electric Railroad ( Daiki ) .
Sankyū built a single train line which serviced the cities of Sakurai , Nabari , Matsusaka , and Ujiyamada , and the company acquired a second major line as well as a small local line from Ise Electric Railway ( Iseden ) .
These lines extended northwards from Matsusaka through cities in Mie Prefecture along the coast of Ise Bay as far as Kuwana .
The infrastructure of Sankyū is now owned by Kintetsu and remains in use today .
Sankyū 's main goal was to build a portion of a railway to Ujiyamada ( now Ise ) which is home to Ise Grand Shrine , the holiest Shinto shrine in Japan and a common pilgrimage destination .
The word " Sangū " is a kanji abbreviation of a phrase in Japanese that roughly translates to " a pilgrimage to Ise Grand Shrine " .
Sankyū 's line connected with a line originating in Osaka owned by its parent company , Daiki , and together the two offered direct rail service from Osaka to Ujiyamada on a line that was much more direct than that of its main rival , Kokutetsu .
When Sankyū acquired Iseden , it then set its eyes on a direct connection between Osaka and Nagoya .
Though techno tracks from Frankfurt 's Marc Acardipane were quite similar to the Rotterdam style , it was the popularity of this music in the Netherlands which made Rotterdam the cradle of gabber .
The Connecticut River Walk is partially constructed park and bikeway in Springfield , Massachusetts , United States , along the banks of New England 's largest river , the Connecticut River .
Currently , Springfield 's section of this park is 3.7 miles long , running from Chicopee , Massachusetts to the South End Bridge in Springfield , Massachusetts .
Unique features of the trail include its path alongside an active - and soon - to - be the United States ' first high - speed - train line , making it a " rail - with - trail , " and its passing in very close proximity to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame .
The longest river in New England , the Connecticut River is the Knowledge Corridor 's most prominent natural asset .
For centuries it has been a source of regional identity and pride ; however , currently most residents are cut off from it by Interstate 91 - a 1960s - era elevated highway , which has become a major inhibitor to Springfield 's economic and recreational riverfront growth , especially in recent years .
Mortal Kombat : Deadly Alliance is a fighting video game developed and published by Midway for the Xbox , PlayStation 2 , GameCube , and Game Boy Advance .
Deadly Alliance is chronologically the fifth main game in the Mortal Kombat series .
Two different Game Boy Advance games based on Deadly Alliance were released .
The first version , also titled Mortal Kombat : Deadly Alliance was released on November 2002 , during the same week as the home console versions , while the second GBA version , Mortal Kombat : Tournament Edition ( originally titled Mortal Kombat : Deadly Revenge , which was printed in the manual ) , was released on August 25 , 2003 .
He died on 22 April 1945 at the Ganacker Camp , annex of the concentration camp of Flossenbürg in Germany .
Verbena , also known as Summerfield , is an unincorporated community in southeastern Chilton County , Alabama , United States .
Named for the indigenous flower , Verbena developed into a popular resort location for the more affluent citizenry of Montgomery , the state 's capital , during the yellow fever outbreaks of the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
The town was built beside the railroad currently owned by CSX Transportation .
Many of those buildings are gone or boarded up today , but the Verbena United Methodist Church still stands on County Road 59 near the town 's center .
According to the U.S. Census in 1890 , Verbena showed a population of 756 , making it the largest community in Chilton County at that time .
Outotec Oyj is a Finnish listed technology company that was created when Outokumpu Oyj span off its technology business into a separate entity in 2006 .
Cole co - wrote with Mariah Carey the Billboard chart - topping single " Through the Rain " , which appeared on Carey 's ninth studio album Charmbracelet .
" Good Times " is a song recorded by Eric Burdon & the Animals and released on the 1967 album Winds of Change , with music and lyrics by Eric Burdon , John Weider , Vic Briggs , Danny McCulloch and Barry Jenkins .
Her work has been exhibited in galleries and museums in the U.S. and abroad .
She received numerous grants , awards and residencies for her achievements , including the Pollock - Krasner Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts .
The Imperial Valley lies in California 's Imperial County .
It is located in southeastern Southern California , and is the site of an urban area largely centered on the city of El Centro .
To the north is the Coachella Valley region of Riverside County , which together with Imperial Valley form the Salton Trough , or the Cahuilla Basin , also the county line of Imperial and Riverside counties , and to the south the international boundary with the U.S. state of California and Baja California .
Having done that it is now the home of the El Centro metropolitan area and also an economic center of California 's government defined " South Border " .
Kunlun Station ( ) is the southernmost of four Chinese research stations in Antarctica .
When it is occupied during the summer , it is the second - southernmost research base in Antarctica , behind only the American Amundsen – Scott South Pole Station at the geographical South Pole .
When Kunlun is not in operation , the year - round Russian Vostok Station is the second - southernmost base in Antarctica .
It is located at 4087 m above sea level on the East Antarctic Ice Sheet , making it the highest base in Antarctica .
It is only 7.3   km southwest of Dome A , the loftiest point on the Antarctic Plateau .
In April 2012 the first of three Antarctica Schmidt telescopes ( AST3 ) was installed at Kunlun Station .
A bigger optical telescope , Kunlun Dark Universe Survey Telescope ( KDUST ) , is planned to be installed by 2020 .
Chief Minister Fellowship is an 11-month long fellowship program run by the Chief Minister 's Office , Government of Maharashtra , India .
Meiningen is a town in the southern part of the state of Thuringia , Germany .
It is located in the region Franconia and has a population of around 21,600 ( 2016 ) .
Meiningen is the capital and the largest town of the Schmalkalden - Meiningen district .
From 1680 to 1920 , Meiningen was the capital of the Duchy ( and briefly of the Free State ) of Saxe - Meiningen .
Meiningen is considered the cultural , judicial and financial centre of southern Thuringia and thus hosts the state theatre , justice center , state archives , bank buildings and many museums .
Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada y Rivera , also spelled as De Quezada and Ximénez , (; 1496 – other sources state 1506 or 1509 Suesca , 16 February 1579 ) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador in northern South America , territories currently known as Colombia .
He has been suggested as a possible model for Cervantes ' Don Quixote .
Bubble and squeak is a traditional British breakfast made from boiled potatoes and cabbage .
It is often served with cold meat from the Sunday roast , and pickles or brown sauce , or as an accompaniment to a full English breakfast .
The name bubble and squeak is used primarily in England ( for Scotland and Ireland see the section Similar dishes ) , and it may also be understood in parts of some other Commonwealth countries and the United States .
Dado Villa - Lobos ( born June 29 , 1965 in Brussels , Belgium ) is a Brazilian musician , best known as the ex - guitarist of post - punk band Legião Urbana .
Sabine Pass is the natural outlet of Sabine Lake into the Gulf of Mexico .
It borders Jefferson County , Texas , and Cameron Parish , Louisiana .
Two major battles occurred here during the American Civil War , known as the First and Second Battles of Sabine Pass .
He worked closely with Mao Zedong , Zhu De , Zhou Enlai , and other leaders of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) during the war , and was with these central Communist leaders at Yan'an .
Lucien Hubbard ( December 22 , 1888 – December 31 , 1971 ) was a film producer and screenwriter .
He had two daughters , Betty and Janet and a brother , Harlan Hubbard , who became a renowned artist and writer , who advocated simple living .
Sino Group ( ) is a property company in Hong Kong .
The Group comprises private holding companies owned by the Ng Family , and three publicly listed companies that include Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited , Sino Land Company Limited , and Sino Hotels ( Holdings ) Limited .
Ignazio Cerio ( 1841 – 1921 ) was an influential but eccentric physician and amateur philosopher on the island of Capri , in Italy .
Nevertheless , he remains a well - remembered and much - loved figure on the island of Capri , his memory immortalised both in the writings of his son , Edwin Cerio ( particularly in La vita a la figura de un uomo ( 1921 ) ) and in the cultural Centro Caprense Ignazio Cerio , established in his name to organise conferences and meetings on medicine , Italian and foreign literature , archaeology , palaeontology , and international and local history .
Victoria Rodríguez (; born 22 April 1995 in Durango City ) is a Mexican tennis player .
Rodríguez made her WTA tour debut at the 2013 Abierto Mexicano Telcel , partnering Marcela Zacarías in doubles .
Zhurnal Dlya Vsekh ( , Journal For Everybody ) was a Russian monthly magazine published in Saint - Petersburg in 1895 - 1906 .
Helper is a city in Carbon County , Utah , United States , about southeast of Salt Lake City and northwest of the city of Price .
It is known as the " Hub of Carbon County " .
The city is located along U.S. Route 6/U.S.
Route 191 , a shortcut between Provo and Interstate 70 , on the way from Salt Lake City to Grand Junction , Colorado .
It is the location of the Western Mining and Railroad Museum , a tourist attraction that also contains household and commercial artifacts illustrating late 19th and early 20th - century living conditions .
Utah legislature proposed a bill in 2016 to limit amounts received by local governments from traffic fines .
Alan Lawrence Passarell ( April 22 , 1950 – September 29 , 1986 ) was a Canadian politician who served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia representing the riding of Atlin from 1979 to 1986 .
He was in the New Democratic Party until October 1985 , when he switched to the British Columbia Social Credit Party .
As a MLA , he was known for advocating positions for Northern British Columbia .
Philippe Soupault and André Breton ’s 1920 book collaboration Les Champs Magnétiques is often considered to be the first Surrealist work , but it was only once Breton had completed his Surrealist Manifesto in 1924 that ‘ Surrealism drafted itself an official birth certificate.’
El Lado Oscuro ( en : " The Dark Side " ) is the second studio album by power metal band DarkSun , released in 2004 .
Just like El Legado , this album was recorded in Germany , with Ingo Cjavkoski in the production .
The Bastille Day military parade , also known as the 14 July military parade , translation of the French name of Défilé militaire du 14 juillet , is a French military parade that has been held on the morning of 14 July each year in Paris since 1880 , almost without exception .
The parade passes down the Champs - Élysées from l'Arc de Triomphe to Place de la Concorde where the President of the French Republic , his government and foreign ambassadors to France stand .
This is a popular event in France , broadcast on French TV , and is one of the oldest regular military parades in the world .
Smaller military parades are held in French garrison towns ( such as Marseille , Toulon , Brest , or Belfort ) .
Olga Barabanschikova (; ; born 2 November 1979 ) is a former professional Belarusian tennis player .
Barabanschikova was born in Minsk .
Since retiring from tennis , Olga has participated in a variety of projects , including music videos and a television show in her native Belarus called " Time of Sport " .
Nitin Bose ( 26 April 1897 – 14 April 1986 ) was an Indian film director , cinematographer and screenwriter of the nation 's film industry .
He was born in Calcutta and died in the same city .
The first use of playback singing in Indian films occurred in films directed by Bose in 1935 : first in Bhagya Chakra , a Bengali film , and later the same year in its Hindi remake , Dhoop Chhaon .
The Japan Evangelistic Band ( JEB ) , or ' Kyodan Nihon Dendo Tai ' ( 日本伝道隊 ) in Japanese , is an evangelical Christian group founded in England in 1903 with the original aim to " initiate and sustain evangelistic work among Japanese wherever they are found " .
The JEB 's primary field was the Kansai region of South West Japan and the island of Shikoku but missionaries worked among Japanese living on the West Coast of Canada and the USA , and in the UK .
In 1999 the organisation in the UK adopted the name Japan Christian Link for their operations in the UK , while work in Japan continue under the name of JEB .
During a summer heat wave , all the water in Warsaw is puzzlingly disappearing .
It turns out that a mystery Maharaja is in league with Doctor Spot to steal Poland 's water and take it to the Maharaja 's country .
The company is based in Cincinnati , Ohio , USA .
The Castro Theatre is a popular San Francisco movie palace which became San Francisco Historic Landmark # 100 in September 1976 .
Located at 429 Castro Street , in the Castro district , it was built in 1922 with a Spanish Colonial Baroque façade that pays homage — in its great arched central window surmounted by a scrolling pediment framing a niche — to the recently rebuilt basilica of Mission Dolores nearby .
Its designer , Timothy L. Pflueger , also designed Oakland 's Paramount Theater and other movie theaters in California in that period .
The theater 's ceiling is the last known leatherette ceiling in the United States and possibly the world .
Miina Turunen ( born 1973 in Kouvola , Finland ) is a Finnish actress .
She began her professional career in 1996 , starring in the film Sirpaleita , and starred in the 2003 film Sibelius working with Finnish director Timo Koivusalo and actors such as Martti Suosalo , Heikki Nousiainen and Seela Sella .
She has also appeared in many theatrical roles , including Sarasvatin hiekkaa with the Espoo City Theatre , an adaptation by the Finnish National Theatre of A Tale of Love and Darkness by Amos Oz .
Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore is a U.S. National Lakeshore on the shore of Lake Superior in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan , United States .
The park has extensive views of the hilly shoreline between Munising and Grand Marais in Alger County , Michigan , with picturesque rock formations , waterfalls , and sand dunes .
Pictured Rocks derives its name from the 15 miles ( 24   km ) of colorful sandstone cliffs northeast of Munising .
Near Munising , visitors can also visit Grand Island , most of which is included in the separate Grand Island National Recreation Area .
The U.S. Congress designated Pictured Rocks the first National Lakeshore in the United States in 1966 .
It is governed by the National Park Service ( NPS ) , with 22 year - round NPS employees as of May 2006 , and received 476,888 visitors in 2005 .
It was screened in London in 1957 where it won the inaugural Sutherland Trophy the following year , and received praise from US film critics after a 1972 screening in New York City .
Ring of Fire is a left - wing syndicated American talk radio program hosted by Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. , Mike Papantonio , Sam Seder , and Farron Cousins .
The four hosts focus on " exposing Wall Street thugs , environmental criminality , corporate media failure , and political back stories that you will rarely find from any other source " .
The show has been on the air since 2004 and is currently carried on 43 radio stations across the United States .
Kennedy is an attorney who specializes in environmental law ; Papantonio is also an attorney specializing in mass torts litigation , who served as the president of the National Trial Lawyer Association in 2012 , and is senior partner at the Levin Papantonio Law Firm , a large Florida based law firm that specializes in pursuing civil lawsuits against high profile and often powerful defendants .
Seder is an actor , comedian , director and political commentator who hosts The Majority Report , originally on Air America Radio with Janeane Garafalo and currently as an independently produced podcast .
AIDAblu is a Sphinx - class cruise ship , operated by the German cruise line , AIDA Cruises .
She is a sister ship to AIDAdiva , AIDAbella , AIDAluna with a half deck more , and is followed by similar AIDAsol and AIDAmar .
AIDA Cruises ' parent company , Carnival Corporation & plc , then transferred the ship to another cruise line . , Ocean Village , and was renamed Ocean Village Two .
In 2009 , Ocean Village Two was again transferred to another cruise line , P&O ; Cruises Australia , also a Carnival daughter company , and was renamed Pacific Jewel .
Anton Vladimirovich Antonov - Ovseyenko (; 23 February 1920 , Moscow , RSFSR – 9 July 2013 , Moscow , Russia ) was a Russian historian and writer .
Born on 23 February 1920 , he was the son of a Bolshevik military leader Vladimir Antonov - Ovseyenko .
In 1935 , he joined the historical faculty of the Moscow State Pedagogical Institute .
Antonov - Ovseyenko is best known for his biography of Lavrentiy Beria and he also wrote several books .
William Emmanuel Bevan , known by his recording alias Burial , is a British electronic musician from South London .
Initially remaining anonymous , Burial became the first artist signed to Kode9 's electronic label Hyperdub in 2005 .
He released his self - titled debut album , which drew inspiration from UK rave music and pirate radio culture , to acclaim in 2006 ; it was named the album of the year by The Wire .
Burial 's second album , Untrue , was released to further critical acclaim in 2007 .
In 2008 , Bevan 's identity was revealed by The Independent and confirmed by Hyperdub .
He has gone on to collaborate with Four Tet , Massive Attack , Thom Yorke and Zomby in addition to releasing a series of acclaimed long - form EPs , including Kindred ( 2012 ) and Rival Dealer ( 2013 ) .
Buḍḍhacarya (; ) , dharma name Upaseṇo (; ) , born as Kiaw Chokchai (; ) , and commonly known as Somdet Kiaw (; " His Holiness Kiaw " ) , was a Thai prelate who was the abbot of Wat Saket and the Acting Supreme Patriarch of Thailand , the effective leader of all Buddhist monks in Thailand .
His appointment provoked severe criticism from Luang Ta Maha Bua ( of the Dhammayuttika Nikaya order ) and Sondhi Limthongkul , who claimed that the appointment created two Supreme Patriarchs and contravened the royal prerogative of King Bhumibol Adulyadej .
On 4 March 2005 , Maha Bua even petitioned King Bhumibol Adulyadej to remove all of Kiaw 's royal titles .
The Scots Magazine in May 1771 reckoned that " the Rankenians were highly instrumental in disseminating throughout Scotland freedom of thought , boldness of disquisition , liberality of sentiment , accuracy of reasoning , correctness of taste and accuracy of composition . "
Its members were to become major figures of the Scottish Enlightenment including : Charles Mackie ( 1688 - 1770 ) , later the first professor of history at the University of Edinburgh ; John Stevenson ( 1695 - 1775 ) , later professor of logic and rhetoric ; George Turnbull ( 1698 - 1748 ) , theologian and professor of moral philosophy at Marischal College , Aberdeen ; Robert Wallace ( 1697 - 1771 ) , theologian and population scientist ; William Wishart ( 1691 - 1753 ) , leading church minister and principal of the University of Edinburgh and Colin MacLaurin ( 1698 - 1746 ) , philosopher and the greatest Scottish mathematician of his day .
Serpentine is a town in north west Victoria , Australia .
Located on the Loddon Valley Highway , the town is 201 kilometres north west of the state capital , Melbourne and 51 kilometres north west of the regional centre , Bendigo .
Serpentine is in the Shire of Loddon local government area and , including the surrounding state suburb , had a population of 307 at the .
The town is named for Serpentine Creek , a tributary of the Loddon River .
It eventually became the seat of the then Shire of East Loddon .
The Burke and Wills expedition is alleged to have passed the townsite in 1860 while attempting to reach the Gulf of Carpentaria .
The town has an Australian Rules football team ( Bears Lagoon - Serpentine ) competing in the Loddon Valley Football League .
The Battle of Mansfield on 8 April 1864 in Louisiana formed part of the Red River Campaign during the American Civil War , when Union forces were attempting to occupy the Louisiana state capital , Shreveport .
The engagement is also known as the Battle of Sabine Crossroads .
Family Affair is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from September 12 , 1966 , to March 4 , 1971 .
The series explored the trials of well - to - do engineer and bachelor Bill Davis ( Brian Keith ) as he attempted to raise his brother 's orphaned children in his luxury New York City apartment .
Davis 's traditional English gentleman 's gentleman , Mr. Giles French ( Sebastian Cabot ) , also had adjustments to make as he became saddled with the responsibility of caring for 15-year - old Cissy ( Kathy Garver ) and the five - year - old twins , Jody ( Johnny Whitaker ) and Buffy ( Anissa Jones ) .
The show was created and produced by Edmund Hartmann and Don Fedderson , also known for My Three Sons and The Millionaire .
Strawhead is a play by American writers Norman Mailer and Richard Hannum about Marilyn Monroe .
The play is an adaptation of Mailer 's 1980 book Of Women and Their Elegance , an imagined memoir told in Monroe 's voice .
The play made its off - Broadway debut in January 1986 , with Mailer 's wife Norris Church in the cast and his daughter Kate Mailer in the role of Monroe .
Alfred Edward Moffat ( 1863 – 1950 ) was a Scottish musician , composer and collector of music .
His father was John Moffat , a photographer , and his mother was Sophia Maria Knott .
He was educated at Edinburgh Collegiate School in 27 - 28 Charlotte Square , Edinburgh .
A Yakovlev Yak-42 passenger aircraft , carrying almost the entire Lokomotiv Yaroslavl team of the Kontinental Hockey League , crashed near Yaroslavl , Russia on its way to Minsk , Belarus , to start the 2011–12 KHL season .
Peter Merian ( 20 December 1795 , Basel – 8 February 1883 , Basel ) was a Swiss geologist and paleontologist .
He studied sciences at the University of Basel , the Academy of Geneva and at the University of Göttingen ( 1815 – 17 ) , where he studied geology under Johann Friedrich Ludwig Hausmann .
In 1820 he was named professor of physics and chemistry at Basel , and during the following year , became director of the Natural History Museum .
She had made an exhibition in Stockholm with the theme Sugar rush , and in early May 2013 she had an exhibition in Saint Petersburg , Russia under the theme " The Art of Sweden " .
Itzhak Fintzi ( Izko Finzi ) ( ) ( born 25 April 1933 ) is a Bulgarian film and stage actor .
He is the father of actor Samuel Finzi .
He played collegiately at DePaul University and Lakeland Community College ( in Kirtland , Ohio ) .
Beyazıt Square ( ) is a square in the district of Fatih , situated in the European part of Istanbul , Turkey .
It is officially named Freedom Square ( ) , but is known as Beyazıt Square after the Bayezid II Mosque on one side of it .
The Square is the former site of the Forum of Theodosius built by Constantine the Great .
On one side of the square is the main entrance of Istanbul University ; the Beyazıt Tower is on the university 's campus and can be seen from the square .
The Mexican Football Federation ( Femexfut or FMF , ) is the governing body of association football in Mexico .
It administers the Mexico national team , the Liga MX and all affiliated amateur sectors , and is in charge of promoting , organizing , directing , spreading , and supervising competitive football in Mexico .
The Federation has three operational centres : the Central Office , the High Performance Centre ( , CAR ) and the Training Centre ( , CECAP ) .
" I Am Woman " is a song performed by American recording artist Jordin Sparks .
" I Am Woman " premiered online via AOL Music on May 5 , 2011 , and was later officially released in the United States on May 10 , 2011 .
About 1850 he went to England , where he published a pamphlet titled The Sermon on the Mount , defending Judaism against the parliamentary speeches of Inglis ( London , 1852 ) .
Uchylsko is a village in Gmina Gorzyce , Wodzisław County , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland , near the border with the Czech Republic .
It lies approximately south - west of Gorzyce , south - west of Wodzisław Śląski , and south - west of the regional capital Katowice .
The village was first mentioned in the document of Pope Gregory IX issued on 26 May 1229 among villages belonging to Benedictine abbey in Tyniec , as Uchilsko .
Benedictine abbey in Orlová ( established in 1268 ) in the late 13th century had rights to revenues from three villages in the Castellany of Racibórz , namely Gorzyce , Uchylsko and Gołkowice .
Resogun ( stylized as RESOGUN ) is a voxel - based side - scrolling shoot 'em up video game developed by Finnish developer Housemarque and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 , PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita .
Resogun : Heroes , the first downloadable content ( DLC ) , was released in North America on June 24 , 2014 , while the second DLC , Resogun : Defenders was released in February 17 , 2015 .
The Antarctic continent , located in the Earth 's southern hemisphere , is centered asymmetrically around the South Pole and largely south of the Antarctic Circle .
Some 98 % of Antarctica is covered by the Antarctic ice sheet , the world 's largest ice sheet and also its largest reservoir of fresh water .
Averaging at least 1.6   km thick , the ice is so massive that it has depressed the continental bedrock in some areas more than 2.5   km below sea level ; subglacial lakes of liquid water also occur ( e.g. , Lake Vostok ) .
Claims that L. Ron Hubbard was the author are also dubious as the only source of this claim is his estranged son , L Ron Hubbard Jr.
Beautiful Surrender is the eighth album by American Christian worship duo Jonathan David & Melissa Helser , released on September 30 , 2016 , from Bethel Music through Provident Label Group .
Touted as a " vibrant response " to On the Shores , their 2012 album , Beautiful Surrender was the duo 's first release with Bethel Music since joining the collective in 2014 .
The album also included a radio remix of their Dove Award - winning hit single , " No Longer Slaves , " as a bonus track .
Mohamed Qanyare Afrah ( , ) ( born c. 1941 ) was a Somali faction leader and politician who was based south of Mogadishu in the Daynile District .
He came in third position in Somalia 's first election as a federal country on 10th October 2004 and subsequently appointed as Public Security Minister in the government of Prime Minister Mohamed Ali Gedi , He served as Minister of Security in 2006 but was dismissed after ignoring calls by the Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi to stop fighting forces of the Islamist Courts .
He continued to participate actively in Somali political affairs being reelected to the first post transitional federal parliament of Somalia as a member of parliament , he resigned from his seat representing his ( Murusade ) clan in the summer of 2013 , his seat in the Federal Parliament of Somalia was taken over by his son Cabdiweli Mohamed Qanyare .
American country music group Little Big Town has released eight studio albums and 26 singles .
They returned in 2005 with The Road to Here , which was released on Equity Music Group .
It produced four top 20 hits , including " Boondocks " and " Bring It on Home , " both of which reached the top 10 .
They followed it with A Place to Land , though the lead single , " I 'm with the Band " , was unsuccessful and the group was left without a label shortly after the album 's release when Equity folded .
In 2010 , Little Big Town scored their first top 10 hit in four years with " Little White Church " , the lead single to their fourth studio album , The Reason Why .
Their fifth studio album , Tornado , was released on September 11 , 2012 and lead single " Pontoon " became their first number one hit .
In J. R. R. Tolkien 's legendarium , Amras ( ) is a fictional character , the twin brother of Amrod being the youngest sons of Fëanor and Nerdanel .
His younger twin Amrod was also called Ambarussa , and they both answered to the name .
In Tolkien 's late revisions , the name of the elder twin Ambarussa was " Amros " in Sindarin , instead of the older form " Amras " .
The name of the younger twin , Amrod , was the Sindarin version of " Ambarto " .
Little Vera ( , Malenkaya Vera ) , produced at the Gorky Film Studio and released in 1988 , is a film by Russian film director Vasili Pichul .
The title in Russian is ambiguous and can also mean " Little Faith , " symbolizing the characters ' lack of hope ( or a glimmer thereof ) .
Hillary Clinton , the nominee of the Democratic Party for president of the United States in 2016 , has taken positions on political issues while serving as First Lady of Arkansas ( 1979 – 81 ; 1983 – 92 ) , First Lady of the United States ( 1993 – 2001 ) ; as U.S.
Senator from New York ( 2001 – 2009 ) ; and serving as the United States Secretary of State ( 2009 – 2013 ) .
Clinton won the Democratic primaries and formally became the party 's nominee at the 2016 Democratic National Convention .
She lost the electoral college and the 2016 US presidential election to billionaire real estate mogul Donald Trump , despite winning the popular vote by more than 2.8 million votes .
He previously was the original guitarist for Dropkick Murphys .
He played on Boys on the Docks EP , Do or Die , The Gang 's All Here , and the Mob Mentality split album with The Business .
Following his departure from the Dropkick Murphys , he was the guitarist for Everybody Out!.
Birendra Krishna Bhadra ( ) ( 1905 – 1991 ) was an Indian broadcaster , playwright , actor , reciter and theatre director from Kolkata , and a contemporary of Pankaj Mallick and Kazi Nazrul Islam .
He worked for the All India Radio , India 's National Radio broadcaster for several years during its early , starting 1930s , and during this period he produced and adapted several plays .
Today , he is most known for his soaring Sanskrit recitation through a two - hour audio program , Mahishashura Mardini ( Annihilator / Destroyer of Mahisasura ) ( 1931 ) , a collection of shlokas and songs broadcast by All India Radio Calcutta ( now Kolkata ) at 4:00 am , in the dawn of Mahalaya .
The Assam Rifles is the oldest of paramilitary force of India .
Over the course of its history , the Assam Rifles and its predecessor units have served in a number of roles , conflicts and theatres including World War I where they served in Europe and the Middle East , and World War II where they served mainly in Burma .
Northern Seminary is a Christian seminary located in Lisle , Illinois , US , near Chicago .
It was founded in 1913 by the Second Baptist Church of Chicago as " Northern Baptist Theological Seminary " to prepare students for church leadership , and it continues to represent a theologically conservative alternative within its association with the American Baptist Churches in the USA ( historically the Northern Baptist convention ) .
It holds full accreditation from the Association of Theological Schools in the United States and Canada .
Askar Simitko , alternative spellings use " Asgar " and/or " Smitko " , ( 1953–January 28 , 1995 ) was a Kurdish Iranian spy operating in Turkey .
Simitko was born 1953 in Urmia ( West Azarbaijan province ) in Iran as a son of Tahirhan .
In the same period , he had connections to persons from the Iranian intelligence organization ( SAVAMA ) , who requested from him to collect information regarding names and activities of followers of the former Shah of Iran Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and members of the People 's Mujahedin of Iran .
The Bridge River Country is a historic geographic region and mining district in the Interior of British Columbia , Canada , lying between the Fraser Canyon and the valley of the Lillooet River , south of the Chilcotin Plateau and north of the Lillooet Ranges .
" The Bridge River " can mean the Bridge River Country as opposed to the Bridge River itself , and is considered to be part of the Lillooet Country , but has a distinct history and identity within the larger region .
As Lillooet is sometimes considered to be the southwest limit of the Cariboo , some efforts were made to refer to the Bridge River as the " West Cariboo " but this never caught on .
Though essentially consisting of the basin of the Bridge River and its tributaries , the Bridge River Country includes the communities of D'Arcy , McGillivray Falls , Seton Portage and Shalalth , which lie in the valley of Seton and Anderson Lakes and the Gates River just to the south , are also considered to be part of the Bridge River Country , and also simultaneously of the Lillooet Country .
After the 1930s the term " Bridge River - Lillooet " came into currency as a result of the chosen masthead of the fledgling Bridge River - Lillooet News , which served the town and environs of Lillooet as well as the mining towns of the upper Bridge River .
Joseph Matthäus Aigner ( 18 January 1818 , Vienna19 February 1886 , Vienna ) was an Austrian portrait painter , who studied under Friedrich von Amerling and Carl Rahl .
He painted portraits of Franz Joseph I of Austria and his wife Elizabeth , Franz Grillparzer , Friedrich Halm , Nikolaus Lenau , and Maximilian I of Mexico .
In 1847 he married actress Fanny Matras ( 1828 – 1878 ) .
He studied at , among others , the Nancy - Université , France ( PhD in political sciences ) , St. John 's University , New York ( Master of Arts , Government and Politics ) , Université Lille Nord de France ( Master of Political Sciences and Information Sciences ) and the University of Algiers ( Law degree ) .
Darksiders is a hack and slash action - adventure video game developed by Vigil Games and published by THQ .
A parallel sequel , Darksiders II , was released on August 14 , 2012 .
A remastered version of the game titled Darksiders : Warmastered Edition was released on November 22 , 2016 for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and on November 29 , 2016 for Microsoft Windows .
The Upper Galilee ( , HaGalil Ha'Elyon ; , Al Jaleel Al A'alaa ) is a geographical - political term in use since the end of the Second Temple period , originally referring to a mountainous area straddling present - day northern Israel and southern Lebanon , its boundaries being the Litani River in the north , the Mediterranean Sea in the west , the Lower Galilee in the south , from which it is separated by the Beit HaKerem Valley , and the upper Jordan River and the Hula Valley in the east .
The General People 's Committee ( , al - lajna ash - sha'biyya al-'āmma ) , often abbreviated as the GPCO , was the executive branch of government during the era of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya .
It was the rough equivalent of the cabinet in many republics , constitutional democracies , and constitutional monarchies , as well as the Executive Board of the rival National Transitional Council , which ultimately replaced the jamahiriya as Libya 's dominant force as a result of the Libyan Civil War .
The GPCO was scattered by the fall of Tripoli in August , with some of its members fleeing into exile , some becoming prisoners of war , and some remaining in Libya .
" Because You Left " is the television season premiere of the American Broadcasting Company 's fifth season of the serial drama television series Lost .
It first aired on January 21 , 2009 , on ABC in the United States and was simulcast on A in Canada .
It aired immediately after a clip - show that recaps the first four seasons and aired back - to - back with the next episode , " The Lie " .
" Because You Left " averaged 11.347 million viewers in the United States , and received good reviews , praising the writing and the unraveling of new elements .
Stahlmusik is the debut album of the German Industrial band Einstürzende Neubauten .
One of the earliest and rarest Neubauten albums , Stahlmusik was recorded live - to - tape in a pillar of the Stadtautobahn Bridge in West Berlin on June 1 , 1980 , and was released on cassette in October via Blixa Bargeld 's " Eisengrau " shop , where the earliest incarnations of the band would often rehearse .
Musically , the sound of the album is more conventional than the band 's next album , Kollaps , mainly because of percussionist N.U.
A version of " Für den Untergang " from these sessions appeared as " Stahlversion " on the B - side of the Für den Untergang 7 " , and was later reissued on Strategies Against Architecture 80 - 83 .
The Saint in Europe is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris , first published in 1953 by The Crime Club in the United States and in 1954 by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom .
This was the 29th book to feature the adventures of Simon Templar , alias " The Saint " , and it also marked a resumption of the book series after a five - year hiatus .
The publication of this book also marked the 25th anniversary of the character .
The Saint in Europe marked the beginning of the " travelogue " era for The Saint .
Continuing with the theme started by The Saint in New York , The Saint in Miami , and The Saint Goes West , the stories in this and the following two volumes take place in different exotic locales around the world .
As such , it is the first Saint book since the 1938 short story collection The Happy Highwayman to not be primarily set in the United States .
The Helsinki County Prison ( " Helsingin lääninvankila " in Finnish ) in the Helsinki city quarters of Katajanokka functioned as a prison from 1837 to 2002 .
The prison continued functioning after Finnish independence .
At the end of the war , some well known convicts from the War - responsibility trials in Finland were kept here , including President Risto Ryti , Prime Minister Väinö Tanner .
She was the last woman executed in Finland .
The Historical and Literary Society , ( Polish : Towarzystwo Historyczno - literackie , French : Société historique et littéraire polonaise – SHLP ) a successor organisation to the Literary Society , was founded in Paris in 1832 as a Polish political and cultural association by a group that included Alexandre Walewski , Napoleon 's natural son and future minister of foreign affairs of Napoleon III .
Its founding chairman was Adam Jerzy Czartoryski and from 1861 , his son , Wladyslaw Czartoryski .
Simone Martini ( – 1344 ) was an Italian painter born in Siena .
Deathbird Stories : A Pantheon of Modern Gods is a 1975 collection of short stories by American author Harlan Ellison , written over a period of ten years ; the stories address the theme of modern - day " deities " that have replaced the older , more traditional ones .
The collection , with its satirical , skeptical tone , is widely considered one of Ellison 's best .
The title of the book comes from " The Deathbird " , the nineteenth and last story in the collection .
The collection includes three major award - winners , including " The Whimper of Whipped Dogs " , which won the Edgar Award ; " " , which won the Hugo Award ; and " The Deathbird " , another Hugo Award winner .
Kelly Williams Brown ( born August 6 , 1984 in Covington , Louisiana ) is a New York Times - bestselling American writer and author .
Her first book , " Adulting : How to Become A Grown - Up in 468 Easy(ish ) Steps " , published in 2013 by Grand Central Publishing , was a New York Times - bestseller and developed into a sitcom with JJ Abrams ' Bad Robot .
Viva Macau Airlines was a Macanese long - haul , low - cost carrier based at Macau International Airport .
In March 2010 , Viva Macau was forced to suspend operations after the Macau government suddenly ordered Air Macau to cancel its sub - concession agreement with Viva Macau , alleging that Viva Macau failed to adequately assist passengers affected by flight delays and cancellations .
The government then quickly revoked Viva Macau 's Air Operator 's Certificate saying that without a sub - concession , the airline was not compliant with the requirements for public air transport services .
The action is currently under appeal in the Macau courts and has raised questions for foreign investors regarding Macau 's regulatory environment .
Patrick Martin ( born May 23 , 1983 ) , is an American retired professional wrestler , better known by the ring name Alex Shelley .
He is best known for working for Impact Wrestling as one half of The Motor City Machine Guns with Chris Sabin .
myki ( ) is a reloadable contactless smartcard ticketing system used on public transport in Victoria , Australia .
The system is promoted by Public Transport Victoria and is valid on most public transport services in Melbourne and regional Victoria .
Ticketing requirements for trains , trams and buses in Melbourne are mainly contained in the Transport ( Ticketing ) Regulations 2006 and the Victorian Fares and Ticketing Manual .
, stylised as sakanaction , are a Japanese rock band from Sapporo , Hokkaido , Japan .
Alfred John Kennett Todd ( 13 April 1890 – 27 August 1970 ) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
He was elected at the 1929 general election as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Berwick - upon - Tweed .
In May 1935 , Todd resigned the whip of the National Government , along with Frederick Wolfe Astbury , Joseph Nall , Linton Thorp and Katharine Stewart - Murray , Duchess of Atholl , as they claimed that some aspects of government policy were too close to socialism , and were unhappy with government policy on India .
Todd lost his seat in a narrow defeat at the 1935 general election by the Liberal candidate Sir Hugh Seely .
He did not stand for Parliament again .
His grandson Mark Todd is a Labour Party politician , elected in 1997 as MP for South Derbyshire .
The Stephen Mather Wilderness is a wilderness area honoring Stephen Mather , the first director of the National Park Service .
It is located within North Cascades National Park , Lake Chelan National Recreation Area , and Ross Lake National Recreation Area in the North Cascade Range of Washington , United States .
The North Cascades National Park Complex consists of three units which make up Stephan Mather Wilderness : North Cascades National Park , which boasts acres of designated wilderness ; Ross Lake National Recreation Area , a slim piece of land just east of the park that has acres of designated wilderness ; and Lake Chelan National Recreation Area , at the southeast corner of the park , with of designated wilderness .
The Oruanui eruption of New Zealand 's Taupo Volcano , the world 's most recent supereruption , had a Volcanic Explosivity Index of 8 .
Grid cells were discovered in 2005 by Edvard Moser , May - Britt Moser and their students Torkel Hafting , Marianne Fyhn and Sturla Molden at the Centre for the Biology of Memory ( CBM ) in Norway .
, son of Duke Nobusuke , was a Japanese researcher of trains .
He married the third daughter of Emperor Hirohito , Princess Kazuko ; they adopted a son from Ogyū - Matsudaira , Naotake .
Corcovado Volcano ( ) is a stratovolcano located about south of the mouth of Yelcho River , in the Palena Province , Los Lagos Region , Chile .
The volcano and the adjacent area form part of Corcovado National Park .
The Arctic is a vast polar region comprising the northern most parts of Canada , Norway , Greenland ( Denmark ) , Sweden , Finland , the United States ( Alaska ) , Iceland and Russia .
" Mi Chico Latino " ( English : " My Latin Boy " ) , is a song recorded by English singer Geri Halliwell for her debut solo album Schizophonic ( 1999 ) .
" Mi Chico Latino " was released as the album 's second single on 16 August 1999 , by EMI .
" Mi Chico Latino " received mixed reviews from music critics , who noted it was a contribution to the Latin pop phenom at the time , while others criticized Halliwell 's Spanish pronunciation .
The song was a commercial success in the United Kingdom , debuting at number one on the UK Singles Chart , becoming Halliwell 's first number - one solo single in the country .
In order to promote the single , Halliwell performed the song on Top of the Pops and Party in the Park in 1999 .
The Calgary Canadians were a junior ice hockey team that played in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
In 1924 , the Canadians won the Western Canadian championship , the Abbott Cup , for the first time .
They went on to face the Owen Sound Greys , Eastern Canada 's champion in a two - game , total - goal series in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
The Canadians returned two years later to face off against Queen 's University in the 1926 Memorial Cup .
Simon Luhrs ( born 18 June 1970 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Brisbane Bears in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Luhrs , a zone selection in the 1989 VFL Draft , was a member of the Queensland team which defeated Victoria in 1991 .
Salmo aphelios is a species of trout , a salmonid fish endemic to Lake Ohrid in Macedonia and Albania in the Balkans .
S. aphelios specifically spawns from May to July near the underwater springs on the eastern shore of the lake , at the Macedonian - Albanian border area .
Seyed Mohammad Sadegh Kharazi (; born 2 March 1963 ) is a former Iranian diplomat and advisor to Iran 's former President Khatami .
He is a member of the board of several Iranian cultural , educational and research centers , including Tehran University , the Cultural Heritage Organization of Iran , and the National Library of Iran .
He was deported for a libel in this newspaper in 1794 and emigrated to the United States where he founded the Aurora .
According to the Historical Society of Pennsylvania , Thomas Jefferson attributed his presidential victory to this paper .
He died in Philadelphia in 1835 .
The " Guidelines for Juche Literature " , published by the official Choson Writers ' Alliance ( ) , emphasised that literature must extoll the country 's leader , Kim Il - sung , and , later , Kim Jong - il .
Taneli Jarva is a Finnish musician / tattoo artist born in Oulu , Northern Finland .
He is a professional tattoo artist at Tatuata in Helsinki .
Pietro Caruso ( born 10 November 1899 in Maddaloni – died 22 September 1944 in Rome ) was an Italian Fascist and head of the Italian police during the final part of World War II .
Mehdi Bazargan (; 1 September 1907 – 20 January 1995 ) was an Iranian scholar , academic , long - time pro - democracy activist and head of Iran 's interim government , making him Iran 's first prime minister after the Iranian Revolution of 1979 .
He was the head of the first engineering department of University of Tehran .
Gottfried Semper (; 29 November 1803 – 15 May 1879 ) was a German architect , art critic , and professor of architecture , who designed and built the Semper Opera House in Dresden between 1838 and 1841 .
In 1849 he took part in the May Uprising in Dresden and was put on the government 's wanted list .
Later he returned to Germany after the 1862 amnesty granted to the revolutionaries .
Semper wrote extensively about the origins of architecture , especially in his book The Four Elements of Architecture from 1851 , and he was one of the major figures in the controversy surrounding the polychrome architectural style of ancient Greece .
Semper designed works at all scales , from major urban interventions like the re - design of the Ringstraße in Vienna , to a baton for Richard Wagner .
His unrealised design for an opera house in Munich was adapted by Wagner for the Bayreuth Festspielhaus .
Under the Influence is the sixth studio album by American rock band Warrant released in 2001 .
The album is a covers album with two original new tracks , " Face " and " Sub Human " .
Drivdalen is a river valley located in the municipality of Oppdal in Trøndelag county , Norway .
The European route E6 and the Dovre Line follow the river through much of the valley .
The valley is the site of the " Old Kings ' Road " , Vårstigen , with Kongsvoll being one stop along the road .
The valley runs north through Oppdal , and then at the mountain Allmannberget and the village of Oppdal , the valley ( and river ) turns west and heads into the neighboring municipality of Sunndal , where it is known as the Sunndalen valley .
The Dovrefjell – Sunndalsfjella National Park lies southwest and east of the valley .
In the southernmost part , where the valley starts at Dovrefjell is found the Kongsvoll Alpine Garden of the NTNU University Museum .
Ger " Redser " O'Grady ( born 1979 in Thurles , County Tipperary ) is an Irish sportsperson .
He plays hurling with his local club Thurles Sarsfields and is a former member of the Tipperary senior inter - county team .
Ger O'Grady was born in Thurles , County Tipperary in 1979 .
He was educated locally and plays his club hurling with Thurles Sarsfields .
O'Grady has played for Tipperary at minor , Under-21 & Intermediate level , winning a Munster Under-21 medal as a substitute in 1999 .
O'Grady made his competitive debut for the Tipperary senior hurlers in the 2003 National League against Offaly .
Frank George Wisner II ( born July 2 , 1938 ) is an American businessman and former diplomat .
He is the son of CIA official Frank Wisner ( 1909 – 1965 ) .
High priest ( kohen gadol ; with definite article ha'kohen ha'gadol , the high priest ; Aramaic kahana rabba ) was the title of the chief religious official of Judaism from the early post - Exilic times until the destruction of the Second Temple in Jerusalem in 70 CE .
The high priests belonged to the Jewish priestly families that trace their paternal line back to Aaron , the first high priest of Israel in the Hebrew Bible and elder brother of Moses , through Zadok , a leading priest at the time of David and Solomon .
The Texas Flood World Tour was a concert tour in North America and western Europe , undertaken by American blues rock band Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble from 1983 to 1984 .
The band had released their debut album , Texas Flood , a week prior to the tour 's beginning .
Their sensational talent was demonstrated during a trip to Switzerland in 1982 , when they held a jam session with Jackson Browne in a downstairs bar after playing at the Montreux Jazz Festival .
The first leg of the tour took the band to the United States and Canada , and then on to Europe where they toured for two weeks .
They then returned to North America , where during a leg that lasted more than three months Vaughan and Double Trouble opened for Men at Work and The Moody Blues .
Marlo Chandler is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics .
Created by writer Peter David , she first appeared in The Incredible Hulk # 347 ( September 1988 ) , and became an ongoing supporting character , first in that book , and later in the Captain Marvel series published between 1999–2004 .
She is the wife of Rick Jones , a perennial sidekick to the Incredible Hulk , and was a best friend to Betty Ross , the wife of Hulk 's alter ego Bruce Banner .
In keeping with her introduction during a storyline in which the Hulk was involved with organized crime , Marlo 's name combines the surnames of fictional detective Philip Marlowe ( e.g.
Marlo ) and his creator Raymond Chandler .
He was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania on May 7 , 1910 .
Kilenyi , Jr. studied in Hungary with the composer / pianist Ernő Dohnányi at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music , earning a diploma in 1930 .
He later became a Professor of Music at Florida State University in Tallahassee , Florida in 1953 , four years after Dohnanyi began teaching there .
St. Brendan 's Park ( ) is a GAA stadium in Birr , County Offaly , Ireland .
It is one of the main grounds of Offaly 's Gaelic football and hurling teams .
Prior to the development of O'Connor Park in Tullamore , the ground was the base of Offaly hurling and played host to intercounty competitions and to the Offaly hurling county final .
Most Offaly games have since transferred to Tullamore .
The site was also the venue of the 1971 All - Ireland Senior Hurling Championship semi - final between Tipperary and Galway .
St. Brendan 's Park is also located close to the site of the venue of the first All- Ireland Hurling Final which was between Thurles representing Tipperary and Meelick representing Galway in 1887 .
John M. Paxton Jr. ( born June 25 , 1951 ) is a retired United States Marine Corps general who served as the 33rd Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps .
Prior to current assignment , he served as the Commanding General of U.S. Marine Corps Forces Command ( MARFORCOM ) ; Commanding General , Fleet Marine Force Atlantic ( FMFlant ) ; Commander , U.S. Marine Corps Forces Europe , as well as II Marine Expeditionary Force .
Sergey Semyonovich Sobyanin (; born 21 June 1958 ) is a Russian politician .
He has served as Mayor of Moscow from October 2010 to 5 July 2013 , and was re - elected Mayor in the September 2013 city election .
Sobyanin previously served as the Governor of Tyumen Oblast ( 2001—2005 ) , Deputy Prime Minister of Russia ( 2005 - 2008 in Mikhail Fradkov 's Second Cabinet ) and Head of the presidential administration ( 2008 - 2010 ) .
Sobyanin is a member of the ruling United Russia political party , and is elected to its higher governing bodies , current member of presidium of Regional Council of the United Russia in Moscow and the head ( political council secretary ) of the party ’s Moscow branch from March 2011 to December 2012 .
He is considered to be a close ally to Russian billionaire businessman Vladimir Bogdanov , Director General of Surgutneftegaz .
As the Mayor of Moscow , Sobyanin has gradually relaxed the massive construction projects of his predecessor , for which he has won acclaim for the " most sane piece of city planning in years . "
As Mayor , Sobyanin created of numbers TV and radio channels and newspapers , owned and controlled by Moscow Government .
Lee Hsien Loong (; Tamil : லீ சியன் லூங் ; born 10 February 1952 ) is a Singaporean politician serving as the third and current Prime Minister of Singapore since 2004 .
He took over the leadership of the People 's Action Party ( PAP ) when former Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong stepped down from the position to become the new Senior Minister .
He began his current term on 15 January 2016 following the opening of Singapore 's 13th Parliament .
Lee is the eldest son of Singapore 's first Prime Minister , Lee Kuan Yew .
Lee graduated from Trinity College , Cambridge University , as Senior Wrangler in 1974 ( gaining a Diploma in Computer Science with distinction as well ) and later earned a Master of Public Administration at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government .
From 1971 to 1984 , he served in the Singapore Armed Forces where he rose to the rank of brigadier general .
He won his first election for Member of Parliament in 1984 , contesting as a member of the People 's Action Party .
Under Singapore 's second prime minister , Goh Chok Tong , Lee served as the Minister for Trade and Industry , Minister for Finance and Deputy Prime Minister .
Federal intervention ( ) is an attribution of the federal government of Argentina , by which it takes control of a province in certain extreme cases .
Intervention is declared by the President with the assent of the National Congress .
The most recent example of intervention took place in 2004 , when President Néstor Kirchner applied it in the province of Santiago del Estero after a wave of grave accusations against governor Mercedes Aragonés de Juárez and her husband , the local caudillo Carlos Juárez .
The voyage of the James Caird was a small - boat journey from Elephant Island in the South Shetland Islands to South Georgia in the southern Atlantic Ocean , a distance of .
David Zvi Hoffmann ( November 24 , 1843 , Verbó , Austrian Empire – November 20 , 1921 , Berlin ) ( Hebrew : דוד צבי הופמן ) , was an Orthodox Rabbi and Torah Scholar .
The Espoo Cathedral ( , ) is a medieval stone church in Espoo , Finland and the seat of the Diocese of Espoo of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland .
The cathedral is located in the district of Espoon keskus , near the Espoonjoki river .
The church became a cathedral in 2004 after the Diocese of Espoo was split off from the Diocese of Helsinki .
In addition to being the seat of the Diocese of Espoo , it serves as the church for the Espoo Cathedral Parish and hosts various concerts and other events including the " Organ Night and Aria " concert series .
He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , England , along with his teammates David Svoboda , who eventually won a gold medal in the men 's event , and his girlfriend Natálie Dianová in the women 's event .
Miriam Christine was born in Santo Antônio do Descoberto , Goiás , Brazil but raised on the Mediterranean island of Gozo .
Ottaviano de ' Medici ( 11 July 1484 – 28 May 1546 ) was an Italian politician .
From a minor branch of the Medici family , he gained prominence through his marriage to Francesca Salviati , a granddaughter of Lorenzo de ' Medici and Ottaviano 's own distant cousin .
He held several important positions in Florence , including that of Gonfaloniere di Giustizia , although now a merely formal one after the suppression of the Republic by the Spanish troops in 1530 .
His other son Bernadetto founded the southern Italian line of the family by acquiring the seigniory of Ottaviano , near Naples .
Raymond Clinton Cole ( August 21 , 1870 – February 8 , 1957 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio , brother of Ralph Dayton Cole .
Born in Biglick Township , near Findlay , Ohio , Cole attended the common schools and Findlay College , Findlay , Ohio .
He was graduated from the law department of Ohio Northern University at Ada in 1900 .
He was admitted to the bar of Ohio the same year and commenced practice in Findlay , Ohio , in 1901 .
He served as member of the Ohio National Guard 1903 - 1913 .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1924 to the Sixty - ninth Congress .
He died in Findlay , Ohio , on February 8 , 1957 .
Hugo Néstor Conte ( born April 14 , 1963 ) is a volleyball coach and retired player from Argentina , who represented his native country in three Summer Olympics .
He was born at Buenos Aires .
After having finished in sixth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles Conte was a member of the men 's national team that claimed the bronze medal four years later in Seoul , South Korea .
The Verziere ( old - fashioned Italian word for " greengrocery market " ; also known as Verzee , in Milanese ) was the traditional greengrocery street market of Milan , Italy .
The market itself has been relocated several times , and it is now in Via Lombroso , east of the city centre ; the word " Verziere " , anyway , still refers to the main historic location of the market , where it was held from 1776 century until 1911 .
The new greengrocery market of Via Lombroso is more properly referred to as " Ortomercato " ( another Italian word with the same meaning ) or " Mercati Generali " ( " general markets " ) .
The " Verziere " area has been a symbol of Milan , and notable Milanese scholars such as Carlo Porta and Carlo Maria Maggi celebrated the Verziere in their works as the place where both the Milanese dialect and the Milanese culture was represented in their purest form .
PJSC Rosneft Oil Company ( stylized as ROSNEFT ) is a Russian integrated energy company headquartered in the Russian capital of Moscow .
The company is controlled by the Russian government through the holding company .
Rosneft became Russia 's leading oil company after purchasing assets of former oil company Yukos at state - run auctions .
Rosneft is the third largest company of Russia and the second - largest state - controlled company after Gazprom in Russia in terms of revenue ( ₽ 4,134 billion ) .
Awake is an American television police procedural fantasy drama , created by writer and executive producer Kyle Killen .
The drama centers on Michael Britten ( Jason Isaacs ) , a detective living in two separate realities after a car accident .
In one reality , in which he wears a green wrist band , his wife Hannah Britten ( Laura Allen ) was killed in the crash , and in another reality , in which he wears a red wrist band , his son Rex Britten ( Dylan Minnette ) was the one killed .
He sees two separate therapists : Dr. Jonathan Lee ( BD Wong ) in the " red reality " , and Dr. Judith Evans ( Cherry Jones ) in the " green reality " .
The series was conceived by Killen after creating and developing Lone Star for the Fox network .
NBC encouraged Killen to conceive a concept for a future television series .
" Say Hello to My Little Friend " was generally considered the best episode of the series since the pilot by commentators .
The presenter history of Smooth Radio includes many well - known British radio personalities who made their names on networks such as Radio 1 , Radio 2 , and other stations .
The Smooth Radio brand began life in 2004 with the Manchester - based 100.4 Smooth FM , and gradually expanded to encompass a number of regional stations ; these were subsumed into a UK - wide station in 2010 .
Midway High School is a public high school located in the city of Waco , Texas , USA and classified as a 6A school by the UIL .
It is part of the Midway Independent School District , which serves the Waco , Texas area .
Although the school is located in southwestern Waco , most students live in the suburbs of Woodway and Hewitt .
The school was formerly located in Hewitt until the fall of 2003 , when the current high school was built a half - mile away .
The previous building is now Midway Middle School .
Named # 1 Best Public High School in McLennan County in 2018 by
Rated " Met Standard " by the Texas Education Agency in 2016 and 2015
Sarah Lawrence College is a private liberal arts college in the United States .
It is located in southern Westchester County , New York , in the city of Yonkers , north of Manhattan .
Sarah Lawrence College is ranked 53rd in the National Liberal Arts Colleges category in 2018 by U.S. News & World Report .
Sarah Lawrence was also named the higher education institution with the " best classroom experience " in all of America by Princeton Review in 2016 .
Morgan Stanley is an American multinational investment bank and financial services company headquartered at 1585 Broadway in the Morgan Stanley Building , Midtown Manhattan , New York City .
The original Morgan Stanley , formed by J.P. Morgan & Co. partners Henry Sturgis Morgan ( grandson of J.P. Morgan ) , Harold Stanley and others , came into existence on September 16 , 1935 , in response to the Glass – Steagall Act that required the splitting of commercial and investment banking businesses .
The Church of Sant'Orsola ( St Ursula ) in Mantua , Italy , was designed and built in 1608 by Antonio Maria Viani , the architect of the ducal court of the House of Gonzaga .
The church was commissioned by Margherita Gonzaga d'Este , the widow of Alfonso II d'Este .
The octagonal church was decorated by major regional artists including Domenico Fetti and his sister ( and nun at the convent ) Lucrina , Lodovico Carracci , Carlo Bonomi , and Antonio Maria Viani .
Gianluca Forcolin ( born 28 August 1968 in San Donà di Piave ) is a Venetist politician from Veneto , Italy .
A member of Liga Veneta – Lega Nord since 1993 , Forcolin was long involved in municipal politics in his hometown , Musile di Piave , of which he had been councillor , assessor , deputy mayor and finally mayor from 2007 to 2015 .
In the 2008 general election he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies , where he sat in the Finance Committee , but did not stand for re - election five years later because he , a Venetist close to Luca Zaia as well as loyal to former Lega Nord leader Umberto Bossi , was not popular with the new leadership led by Flavio Tosi .
In 2015 , after Tosi was sidelined by the federal party , Forcolin made his comeback : he was elected to the Regional Council as the most voted candidate of Liga Veneta in the province of Venice and Zaia , who had been re - elected President , appointed him Vice President and minister of Budget and Local Government .
Jan Hambourg was born in Voronezh , Russia , the middle brother between the famous pianist Mark Hambourg ( b.
1879 ) and the distinguished cellist Boris Hambourg ( b.
Jan studied first in London with August Wilhelmj and Émile Sauret , then in Frankfort - am - Main with Hikeerman , in Prague with Otakar Ševčík and in Brussels with Eugène Ysaÿe , who also gave instruction to his brother Boris .
He died in Tours , France .
In 2006 , she founded the Google Haifa Engineering Center in Haifa , Israel , where one of her key projects involved autocompletion for Google and YouTube queries .
At the Charles University in Prague , under guidance of Ernst Mach , he obtained doctoral decree in 1877 .
Alma - Sofia Miettinen ( born 17 January 1996 ) , known professionally as Alma , is a Finnish singer and songwriter .
Her breakthrough came in 2015 when she was featured on the single " Muuta ku mä " by Sini Sabotage , and was subsequently signed to Universal Music Group .
The following year she released the singles " Karma " and " Dye My Hair " , both of which became top ten hits in Finland .
Her 2017 single " Chasing Highs " repeated this success , and also reached the top twenty in Germany and the United Kingdom .
Torke ( Kannada ತೊರ್ಕೆ ) is a small village in Kumta taluk of Uttara Kannada district , Karnataka , India .
Torke traditionally is the amalgamation of Hoskatt , Naranapur , Toregazani , Torke , Devarabhavi , Hallergudi , Devana and Gonehalli .
It has a Gram Panchayat .
Wesley Alexander Nevada Thomas ( born 23 January 1987 ) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for League Two club Grimsby Town .
He began his career in non - league football with various clubs in and around London before making his debut in the Football League for Dagenham & Redbridge in 2008 .
At the 1997 Floorball Women 's World Championship in Godby and Mariehamn , Åland , Finland , the team finished tenth .
At the 2001 Floorball Women 's World Championship in Riga , Latvia , the team finished fifth in the B - Division .
At the 2007 Floorball Women 's World Championship in Frederikshavn , Denmark , the team finished sixth in the B - Division .
At the 2013 Floorball Women 's World Championship in Brno and Ostrava , Czech Republic , the team finished fifteenth .
In 1981 , Carner was voted the Bob Jones Award , the highest honor given by the United States Golf Association in recognition of distinguished sportsmanship in golf .
Randy Wagstaff is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire , played by Maestro Harrell .
Randy is an enterprising student who is dependent on social services .
During season 4 , he was an 8th grade pupil at Edward Tilghman Middle School and is friends with Namond Brice , Michael Lee and Duquan " Dukie " Weems .
He lived with a foster mother , Miss Anna , who instilled some discipline in his life .
Though the relationship was never established on the show , creator David Simon revealed Cheese to be Randy 's biological father — which would also make Proposition Joe Randy 's granduncle .
The song was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 2005 contest by Wig Wam with " In My Dreams " .
Here , it was performed third , following Austria 's Tie Break with " Du bist " and preceding France 's Jonatan Cerrada with " À chaque pas " .
The Riverside School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through twelfth grade from Riverside Township , in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " B " , the second lowest of eight groupings .
Students from Delanco Township attend Riverside High School as part of a sending / receiving relationship with the Delanco Township School District .
Malcolm Mitchell Young ( 6 January 1953 – 18 November 2017 ) was a Scottish - Australian musician and songwriter , best known as a co - founder , rhythm guitarist , backing vocalist and songwriter for the hard rock band AC / DC .
Though his younger brother Angus was the more visible of the brothers , Malcolm was described as the driving force and the leader of the band .
He was married to O’Linda Young and had two children , Cara and Ross .
The film was theatrically released on 15 August 2003 in Hong Kong and 22 August 2003 in the United States by TriStar Pictures .
Conrad Baker ( February 12 , 1817 – April 28 , 1885 ) was a state representative , 15th Lieutenant Governor , and the 15th Governor of the U.S. state of Indiana from 1867 to 1873 .
Baker had served in the Union Army during the American Civil War , rising to the rank of colonel but resigned following his election as lieutenant governor , during which time he played an important role in overseeing the formation and training of states levies .
During Baker 's full term as governor , he focused primitively on the creation and improvement of institutions to help veterans and their families that had been disaffected by the war .
Estadio Metropolitano Roberto Meléndez , commonly known as Estadio Metropolitano , or colloquially , El Metro , is a multi - use all - seater football stadium in Barranquilla , Colombia .
It is the home stadium of local football team Atlético Junior .
It was built with a capacity of 49,612 for the Colombian World Cup bid in 1986 .
It is the second largest stadium in Colombia .
This is the official stadium for the national football team of Colombia .
The Upper Township School District is a comprehensive community public school district , serving students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Upper Township , in Cape May County , New Jersey , United States .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " FG " , the fourth - highest of eight groupings .
Students in public school for ninth through twelfth grades from Upper Township attend Ocean City High School in Ocean City as part of a sending / receiving relationship with the Ocean City School District , along with students from Corbin City , Longport and Sea Isle City .
About 60 % of students in Ocean City High School are from Upper Township .
Raymond Claude Ferdinand Aron (; 14 March 1905 – 17 October 1983 ) was a French philosopher , sociologist , political scientist , and journalist .
He is best known for his 1955 book The Opium of the Intellectuals , the title of which inverts Karl Marx 's claim that religion was the opium of the people – Aron argues that in post - war France , Marxism was the opium of the intellectuals .
In the book , Aron chastised French intellectuals for what he described as their harsh criticism of capitalism and democracy and their simultaneous defense of Marxist oppression , atrocities , and intolerance .
Citing the breadth and quality of Aron 's writings , historian James R. Garland suggests , " Though he may be little known in America , Raymond Aron arguably stood as the preeminent example of French intellectualism for much of the twentieth century . "
Christine Kenneally ( born in Melbourne , Australia ) is an Australian - American journalist who writes on science , language and culture .
Raised in Delft , Dutch Republic , van Leeuwenhoek worked as a draper in his youth and founded his own shop in 1654 .
Juw Juwinga ( alias Jongema ) of Bolsward was a Frisian chieftain that earned great fame in the struggle against the ( Dutch ) ‘ infidels’ .
When Albrecht of Bavaria , count of Holland , threatened Friesland in 1396 , Juw was chosen as potestate of Friesland .
The Schieringers limited their defense to the coastline .
The Dutch were defeated at Schoterzijl ( in Weststellingwerf ) where Juw was slain on August 29 , 1396 .
However the potestates were absent for many years due to arguments between Vetkopers and Schieringers and Juw was the eleventh potestaat .
Joseph Isaac Clanton ( 1847 – June 1 , 1887 ) was a member of a loose association of outlaws known as The Cowboys who clashed with lawmen Wyatt , Virgil and Morgan Earp as well as Doc Holliday .
Corral in the boomtown of Tombstone , Arizona Territory but was unarmed and ran from the gunfight , in which his 19-year - old brother , Billy , was killed .
John C. Squires ( May 19 , 1925 – May 23 , 1944 ) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration — the Medal of Honor — for his actions in World War II .
Squires joined the Army from his birth city of Louisville , Kentucky in July 1943 , and by April 23 , 1944 was serving as a private first class in Company A , 30th Infantry Regiment , 3rd Infantry Division .
During a battle on that day , near Padiglione , Italy , he repeatedly braved enemy fire to carry messages , bring up reinforcements , and fight the Germans throughout the night and into the next morning .
He was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor on October 2 , 1944 .
Squires , aged 19 at his death , was buried in Zachary Taylor National Cemetery in his hometown of Louisville , Kentucky .
In 2001 , a memorial honoring Medal of Honor recipients from Kentucky was dedicated in Louisville .
Honora Edgeworth ( née Sneyd ; 1751 – 1 May 1780 ) was an eighteenth - century English writer , mainly known for her associations with literary figures of the day particularly Anna Seward and the Lunar Society , and for her work on children 's education .
Sneyd was born in Bath in 1751 , and following the death of her mother in 1756 was raised by Canon Thomas Seward and his wife Elizabeth in Lichfield , Staffordshire until she returned to her father 's house in 1771 .
Having had a romantic engagement to John André and having declined the hand of Thomas Day , she married Richard Edgeworth as his second wife in 1773 , living on the family estate in Ireland till 1776 .
École François - Buote is a Canadian francophone school in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island for students that attend the school come from the central parts of Queens County , including the City of Charlottetown .
The Hockhocking Adena Bikeway is a long bicycle path in Athens County , Ohio , in the United States .
The original section of the path was built on a levee along the Hocking River at Ohio University in Athens , on university land .
The eastern terminus of the path is near the intersection of East State Street with US-50 on the east side of Athens and its western terminus is in Nelsonville , at the Rocky Brands Factory Outlet at the intersection of Canal Street and Myers Street , one block from the Historic Square Arts District .
The last section built was the section connecting the bikeway to Nelsonville .
Previously , it terminated at Robbins Crossing on the Hocking College campus .
There are current plans to extend the bikeway east along the south side of US-50 to South Canaan Road ( County Road 24A ) .
There are long - term plans to connect eastward via the Athens - Belpre Rail - Trail , now being developed , and to connect the Moonville Rail - Trail with it .
Parts of the bikeway are bordered by the Ohio University Campus , the Hocking College Campus , the Wayne National Forest , the Bluebell Preserve of the Athens Conservancy , and two city parks owned by the city of Athens .
In 2010 the Athens Conservancy purchased about thirteen miles of former B&O ; Railroad grade to expand trail opportunities , with the expectation that this right - of - way will eventually be connected to this bikeway .
Henrik Malmström ( born August 26 , 1978 in Kristianstad ) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey forward who last played for Sparta Warriors of the GET - ligaen in Norway .
Malmström began his career in the Swedish HockeyAllsvenskan , the country 's second tier league , playing for his hometown team Kristianstads IK before moving to the Elitserien with Malmö Redhawks where he spent four seasons .
In 2007 , he moved in Finland to play in the SM - liiga for Ilves and also had a brief spell with HK Acroni Jesenice of the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga .
The Department of Defence is a department of the Government of Australia charged with the responsibility to defend Australia and its national interests .
Along with the Australian Defence Force ( ADF ) , it forms part of the Australian Defence Organisation ( ADO ) and is accountable to the Commonwealth Parliament , on behalf of the Australian people , for the efficiency and effectiveness with which it carries out the Government 's defence policy .
The James A. Rhodes Tower , originally known as University Tower , is a 21-story , 363-foot skyscraper on the campus of Cleveland State University in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
It is the second - tallest educational - purposed building in the United States , behind the Cathedral of Learning .
It is the tallest structure on the Cleveland State campus , followed by Fenn Tower , and the tallest academic building in Ohio .
The tower was named after former Ohio Governor James A. Rhodes who is responsible for signing the legislation that created Cleveland State University on December 18 , 1964 .
Center for Infectious Disease Research , formerly known as Seattle BioMed , Seattle Biomedical Research Institute or SBRI , is the largest independent , non - profit organization in the United States focused solely on infectious disease discovery research .
Seattle BioMed is headquartered and has research labs in the South Lake Union area of Seattle , WA .
Use Your Illusion is a Guns N ' Roses compilation album drawing from the Use Your Illusion I and II albums .
It was only released in the United States , and was primarily sold at Walmart and Kmart , two retail outlets that refused to stock the unedited Use Your Illusion I and II due to explicit lyrics .
" Knockin ' on Heaven 's Door " appears in an edited version without Josh Richman 's speech , removed for unknown reasons .
Richman 's speech was instead included in the Greatest Hits compilation album .
The cover art of the album simply combines the color schemes from the covers of Use Your Illusion I and Use Your Illusion II , which were originally designed by Mark Kostabi .
The image is a detail of the Raphael painting " The School of Athens " .
The Barksdale Global Power Museum ( formerly , the Eighth Air Force Museum ) is located on Barksdale Air Force Base near Bossier City , Louisiana , and is hosted by the 2nd Bomb Wing .
A Christmas to Remember is a 1999 Christmas album by Amy Grant with the Patrick Williams Orchestra , which became certified gold .
In 2007 , A Christmas to Remember was reissued and digitally remastered by Grant 's new record label , EMI / Sparrow Records , along with 13 other Amy Grant albums .
Because of Grant 's deal with her previous label , Word Records , the remastered editions of A Christmas to Remember and Behind the Eyes was not sold in Christian Music retailers such as Family Christian Stores or Lifeway Christian Resources until 2009 .
Until 2009 , Word Records continued to distribute those titles to Christian retailers in the original , non - remastered editions while EMI distributed the remastered editions to most major retailers .
The twelve remaining remastered editions were distributed by EMI to all US retailers , both Christian and secular .
An early release of the CD was sold exclusively at Target Stores and featured a cover of The Carpenters song " Merry Christmas Darling " as a hidden track .
This track was eventually re - released on Amy Grants ' 2005 compilation Christmas album My Best Christmas .
" Crestfallen " is a track on The Smashing Pumpkins ' 1998 album , Adore .
Jan Šťastný ( c.1764 – c.1830 ) ( also Stiasny , Stiastny ) was a Czech composer and cellist from the end of the 18th century to the beginning of the 19th century .
He was born around 1764 in Prague , was taught music by his father , and played in a Prague theatre orchestra by 16 years .
Apparently at some point he lived and worked in England , where in London he met Czech singer and composer Josef Theodor Krov , who called Šťastný , the " Beethoven of the violoncello " .
World of Fantasy is the twelfth studio album by the Japanese electronica band Capsule , released on May 25 , 2011 , in Japan .
The album was originally due for release with the title of Killer Wave .
Meanwhile , " Prime Time " was used in a commercial for Vantan Design Institute , first shown on February 21 , 2011 .
Charles Abraham Chasselat , a French historical painter , was the son of Pierre Chasselat .
Ernest Julian " Ernie " Cole ( 1916 – November 9 , 2000 ) was an engineer and politician in Saskatchewan , Canada .
He served as mayor of Saskatoon from 1965 to 1966 .
He was the first Saskatoon mayor born in Saskatchewan .
He was born in Anerly , Saskatchewan and was educated in Conquest and at the Saskatoon Normal School .
He went on to study Engineering at the University of Saskatchewan .
Cole served in the Royal Canadian Engineers during World War II .
His career after the war included six years at the National Research Council and one year with Power Corporation in Montreal .
In 1956 , he became assistant engineer for the city of Saskatoon .
Cole did not serve on city council before being elected as mayor in 1964 .
Later that year , Cole moved to Ottawa to work for the federal Department of Public Works .
Cole Avenue in the Westview neighbourhood of Saskatoon was named in his honour .
Polish Film School ( ) refers to an informal group of Polish film directors and screenplay writers active between 1956 and approximately 1963 .
It took advantage of the liberal changes in Poland after 1956 to portray the complexity of Polish history during World War II and German occupation .
Among the most important topics were the generation of former Home Army soldiers and their role in post - war Poland and the national tragedies like the German concentration camps and the Warsaw Uprising .
The Polish Film School was the first to underline the national character of Poles and one of the first artistic movements in Central Europe to openly oppose the official guidelines of Socialist realism .
There were two trends within the movement : young directors such as Andrzej Wajda generally studied the idea of heroism , while another group ( the most notable being Andrzej Munk ) analysed the Polish character via irony , humor and a dissection of national myths .
Team Taranaki is an amateur association football composite club based in the Taranaki region of New Zealand which draws its players from the 13 local football clubs .
Strathcona - Westmin Provincial Park is a 33   km² provincial park on Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada .
It is located at the southern extremity of Buttle Lake and is completely surrounded by the much larger and more extensively protected Strathcona Provincial Park .
Strathcona - Westmin Provincial Park contains the copper , gold and zinc - producing Myra Falls Operations , which is owned by NVI Mining Ltd. , a wholly owned subsidiary of Breakwater Resources Limited .
" The Father - Thing " is a 1954 science fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick .
Works like Invasion of the Body Snatchers , especially popular in the 1950s , expressed the fear that people are not what they seem to be .
The Father - Thing is the US Underwood - Miller ( 1987 ) and UK title of the third collected volume of Dick 's short stories , retitled Second Variety after " Second Variety " was moved from Volume 2 by Citadel .
The Registan Desert ( Persian : ) , also known as Rigestan Desert , is an extremely arid plateau region located between Helmand and Kandahar provinces in southwestern Afghanistan .
Most of them are now living in temporary settlements between the Arghandab and Helmand Rivers and Registan .
A large number are also being supported by the UN in camps for internally displaced persons ( IDPs ) in Kandahar Province .
" U Remind Me " is a song by American entertainer Usher .
It was written by Anita McCloud and Edmund Clement and produced by the latter along with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis for Usher 's third studio album 8701 ( 2001 ) .
The song served as the lead American single from 8701 following the release of previous single " Pop Ya Collar " which was only included in some editions of the album .
" U Remind Me " topped the US Billboard Hot 100 on July 7 , 2001 and also reached the top five in Australia , Belgium , France , the Netherlands , New Zealand , and the United Kingdom .
The song won Usher his first Grammy Award for Best Male R&B ; Vocal Performance in 2002 .
Sansa Stark is a fictional character created by American author George R. R. Martin .
She is a prominent character in Martin 's award - winning A Song of Ice and Fire series .
Introduced in 1996 's A Game of Thrones , Sansa is the eldest daughter and second child of Lord Eddard Stark and his wife Lady Catelyn Stark .
She subsequently appeared in the following three novels , A Clash of Kings ( 1998 ) , A Storm of Swords ( 2000 ) and A Feast for Crows ( 2005 ) .
While absent from the fifth novel A Dance with Dragons as the books are separated geographically , Sansa is confirmed to return in the forthcoming next book in the series , The Winds of Winter .
In HBO 's adaptation of the series , Game of Thrones , Sansa Stark is portrayed by Sophie Turner .
Boisdale is a town in the Central Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia , located on Briagolong Road , north of Maffra , in the Shire of Wellington .
It is situated approximately 9   km north of the larger town of Maffra .
Boisdale is 176   km east of Australia 's second largest city , Melbourne , the capital of Victoria .
Boisdale was the run of pioneer grazier Lachlan Macalister and was named after the village on the island of South Uist in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
In the 1840s and 1850s , Boisdale was the local headquarters of the Native Police in the Gippsland region .
Boisdale has a primary school , Boisdale Consolidated School , a local post office/ general store , mechanic , sporting facilities and the town 's pride and joy , The Boisdale Hall , dating back over a century in age .
The town in conjunction with neighbouring township Briagolong has an Australian Rules football team Boisdale - Briagolong competing in the East Gippsland Football League .
Damaged is a split EP by Japanese bands Boris and Stupid Babies Go Mad .
It was released in 2007 by Diwphalanx Records as a picture disc on 10″ vinyl and limited to 1500 copies .
The cover features a homage to the classic Black Flag logo and takes its name from Black Flag 's debut album Damaged .
Both bands cover each other 's songs for this release ( Stupid Babies Go Mad covers " Ibitsu " and another song twice while Boris covers " Double Vision " ) .
" Evil Stack " is the first iteration released in a series of drone improvisations using the title .
Kathryn Hahn ( born July 23 , 1973 ) is an American actress , fashion model and comedian .
She began her career on television , playing Lily Lebowski in the NBC crime drama series Crossing Jordan ( 2001 – 07 ) .
The Franklin – Nashville Campaign , also known as Hood 's Tennessee Campaign , was a series of battles in the Western Theater , conducted from September 18 to December 27 , 1864 , in Alabama , Tennessee , and northwestern Georgia during the American Civil War .
After a brief attempt to pursue Hood , Sherman returned to Atlanta and began his March to the Sea , leaving Union forces under Maj . Gen. George H. Thomas to deal with Hood 's threat .
Hood hoped to defeat the Union force under Maj . Gen. John Schofield before it could converge with Thomas 's army and attempted to do so at the Battle of Spring Hill on November 29 , but poorly coordinated Confederate attacks allowed Schofield to escape .
The following day , Hood launched a series of futile frontal assaults against Schofield 's field fortifications in the Battle of Franklin , suffering heavy casualties ; Schofield withdrew his force and successfully linked up with Thomas in Nashville , Tennessee .
On December 15–16 , Thomas 's combined army attacked Hood 's depleted army and routed it in the Battle of Nashville , sending it in retreat to Tupelo , Mississippi .
Bristol is a suburban city located in Hartford County , Connecticut , United States , southwest of Hartford .
The city is also 120 miles southwest from Boston , and approximately 100 miles northeast of New York City .
Bristol is best known as the home of ESPN , whose central studios are in the city .
Bristol is also home to Lake Compounce ( 1846 ) , America 's oldest continuously operating theme park .
Bristol was known as a clock - making city in the 19th century , and is home to the American Clock & Watch Museum .
For silver enthusiasts , Bristol is also known as the site of the former American Silver Company and its predecessor companies ( 1851 – 1935 ) .
Bristol 's nicknames include the " Bell City " , because of a history manufacturing innovative spring - driven doorbells , and the " Mum City " , because it was once a leader in chrysanthemum production and still holds an annual Bristol Mum Festival .
In 2013 , Hartford Magazine ranked Bristol as Greater Hartford 's top municipality in the " Best Bang for the Buck " category .
Luis Jorge Fontana ( born April 19 , 1846 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ; died October 18 , 1920 in San Juan , Argentina ) was an Argentine military officer , explorer , geographer , writer , and politician .
He was the first governor of the national territory of Chubut ( now Chubut Province ) and founder of the city of Formosa .
Fontana was born in Buenos Aires on April 19 , 1846 .
When Fontana was young , his family moved to Carmen de Patagones .
At age thirteen , Fontana entered the Military Command of Río Negro as a trainee ; he later fought in the Paraguayan War .
After the war ended , he lived for a time in Buenos Aires , where he studied natural sciences , astronomy , and physics under Hermann Burmeister .
He then returned to the army , and he was deployed on border expeditions exploring the Gran Chaco .
In 1879 , Fontana founded the city of Formosa , and he was awarded the rank of lieutenant colonel .
He then returned to Patagonia , which he had visited as a child , and in 1884 he was named the first governor of the national territory of Chubut .
There he directed the expedition to the west with an exploratory group named the Chubut Riflement ( Rifleros del Chubut ) , which discovered the October 16 Valley ( Valle 16 de Octubre ) , a fertile area in the foothills that would later be the site of the Welsh colony of Trevelin .
Fontana spent his later years in San Juan , where he held various public and community offices .
The American Association for Nude Recreation ( AANR ) is a naturist organization based in the United States .
The AANR is the largest , longest - established organization of its kind in North America .
Approximately 200 nudist resorts , clubs , and businesses choose to affiliate with AANR , and AANR serves over 30,000 members in the United States , Canada , Mexico , French West Indies , Virgin Islands , and St. Martin .
The AANR uses a portion of its collected membership fees to be politically active by campaigning and lobbying governments fighting to allow nudism in the US and Canada .
Metropolitan France ( or la Métropole ) , also known as European France or Mainland France , is the part of France in Europe .
It comprises mainland France and nearby islands in the Atlantic Ocean , the English Channel ( ) , and the Mediterranean Sea , including Corsica .
Overseas France ( la France d'outre - mer , or l'Outre - mer , or colloquially les DOM - TOM ) is the collective name for the part of France outside Europe : French overseas regions ( départements et régions d'outre - mer or DROM ) , territories ( territoires d'outre - mer or TOM ) , collectivities ( collectivités d'outre - mer or COM ) , and the sui generis collectivity ( collectivité sui generis ) of New Caledonia .
Metropolitan France and Overseas France together form the French Republic .
Metropolitan France accounts for 82.0 % of the land territory , 3.3 % of the exclusive economic zone ( EEZ ) , and 95.9 % of the population of the French Republic .
The five overseas regions ( departments)—Martinique , Guadeloupe , Réunion , French Guiana , and Mayotte — have the same political status as metropolitan France 's regions .
Metropolitan France and these five overseas regions together are sometimes called la France entière ( " the whole of France " ) by the French administration .
The Pleasantville Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through twelfth grade from the City of Pleasantville , in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
The district is one of 31 former Abbott districts statewide , which are now referred to as " SDA Districts " based on the requirement that the state cover all costs for school building and renovation projects in these districts under the supervision of the New Jersey Schools Development Authority .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " A " , the lowest of eight groupings .
NBCNews.com , formerly known as msnbc.com , is a news website owned and operated by NBCUniversal as the online arm of NBC News .
Along with original and wire reporting , it features content from NBC shows such as Today , NBC Nightly News and Dateline NBC , the MSNBC cable channel , and partners such as The New York Times .
The site was founded in 1996 as a 50 - 50 venture between NBCUniversal and Microsoft at the same time as the two companies formed a separate joint venture for the cable news network MSNBC .
Although they shared the same name , msnbc.com and MSNBC maintained separate corporate structures and news operations , with msnbc.com headquartered on the West Coast on the Microsoft campus in Redmond , Washington and MSNBC in the NBC headquarters in New York .
The Revolutionary Communist Party of India ( ) ( abbreviated RCPI , ) is a small political party in India .
The party was founded as the Communist League by Saumyendranath Tagore in 1934 , breaking away from the Communist Party of India ( CPI ) .
RCPI led armed uprisings after the independence of India , but later shifted to parliamentary politics .
The party is active in the West Bengal and Assam .
The party was represented in the West Bengal Second United Front Cabinet ( 1969 ) as well as in various state government during the Left Front rule in the state ( 1977 – 2011 ) .
In Assam the party won four Legislative Assembly seats in 1978 , but its political influence has since declined .
Bolt Thrower were a British death metal band from Coventry , England .
They formed in 1986 and released their first album with Vinyl Solution in 1988 .
The band then shifted to a new record label , Earache Records , soon becoming one of the best selling bands on that label .
Their last label was Metal Blade Records .
On 14 September 2016 the band announced that they were breaking up , following the death of drummer Martin Kearns exactly a year earlier .
The T. C. Steele State Historic Site ( also called the Theodore Clement Steele House and Studio , and named the House of the Singing Winds by its original owners ) is located in rural Brown County , Indiana , one and a half miles south of Belmont , between Bloomington and Nashville , Indiana .
The property was the studio and home of Hoosier Group landscape and portrait artist Theodore Clement Steele ( 1847 – 1926 ) and Selma Neubacher Steele ( 1870 – 1945 ) , the artist 's second wife .
Shortly before her death in 1945 , Selma donated the property on of land to the Indiana Department of Conservation ( the present - day Indiana Department of Natural Resources ) to establish a state historic site in memory of her husband .
The Indiana State Museum operates the historic site , which is open to the public and offers guided tours of the home and studio .
Stephen IV ( , , ; 113311 April 1165 ) was King of Hungary and Croatia , ascending to the throne between 1163 and 1165 , when he usurped the crown of his nephew , Stephen III .
He was the third son of Béla II of Hungary , and when his conspiracy against his brother failed , Géza II , he was exiled from Hungary in the summer of 1157 .
Shortly afterwards he moved to the Byzantine Empire , where he married a niece of Emperor Manuel I Komnenos , Maria Komnene , and converted to the Orthodox Church .
Although the Hungarian lords were willing to leave their young monarch , they sharply opposed Stephen and elected his brother , Ladislaus II , king .
In the decisive battle , which was fought at Székesfehérvár on 19 June 1163 , the younger Stephen routed his uncle , forcing him once again to flee Hungary .
He died of poisoning by his nephew 's partisans during the siege of Zimony ( now Zemun in Serbia ) .
Frederick Joseph Stevenson ( December 2 , 1895 - January 5 , 1928 ) was a Canadian bush pilot and aviation pioneer .
In 1916 he joined the Canadian Expeditionary Force , and later serving in the British Royal Flying Corps he was awarded a Distinguished Flying Cross for destruction of enemy aircraft and observation balloons .
Mamie Elizabeth Till - Mobley ( born Mamie Elizabeth Carthan ; November 23 , 1921 – January 6 , 2003 ) was the mother of Emmett Till , who was murdered in Mississippi on August 28 , 1955 , at the age of 14 , after being accused for flirting with a white cashier woman , Carolyn Bryant , at the grocery store .
From 19921995 Ivanova worked in the Department of International Humanitarian and Cultural Cooperation of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs , and from 19951999 was an adviser at the Permanent Mission of Russia to UNESCO in Paris , France .
Peter Arnoldus Petersen ( 21 March 1851 – 12 August 1916 ) was a Norwegian businessman .
He was born in Christiania as a son of a German father and Danish mother ; merchant Johan Gottfried Schmidt and Frederikke Døderlein .
His adoptive father had been manager and chair of Nydalens Compagnie , and Peter Arnoldus Petersen served as board member from 1883 to his death in 1916 and chair from 1911 to 1912 .
The Toronto South Detention Centre is a correctional facility in the district of Etobicoke in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
It is a Government of Ontario - operated maximum - security correctional facility for adult male inmates serving a sentence of 2-years - less - a - day or less , and offenders who have been remanded into custody while awaiting trial .
It is built on the site of the former Mimico Correctional Centre , which closed in 2011 and whose origins dated back to 1887 .
The Toronto South Detention Centre officially opened on January 29 , 2014 replacing the Toronto Jail , the Toronto West Detention Centre , and the demolished Mimico Correctional Centre .
The Toronto South Detention Centre is the second - largest jail in Canada ; The Edmonton Remand Centre being the largest .
Charlotte Angus ( February 2 , 1911 – March 2 , 1989 ) was an American artist .
A native of Kansas City , Missouri , Angus moved to Philadelphia when young and grew up in that city .
She studied at the University of the Arts and the Graphic Sketch Club there before taking a job with an advertising agency , which she lost due to the Great Depression .
She then , in 1936 , became involved with the Federal Art Project , beginning by painting sets for the Federal Theater Project and continuing by contributing to the Index of American Design .
At the end of the project in 1942 she studied drafting , taking a position as a draftswoman at the Naval Air Medical Center in Philadelphia .
She also created posters for the Works Progress Administration .
Angus married John Stefanak in 1947 and settled with him in southwestern Pennsylvania , where she continued to exhibit her art .
She died in Pulaski , Pennsylvania , and is buried in Saint Ann 's Cemetery in Hermitage .
A lithograph by Angus , Derelicts , is owned by the Spencer Museum of Art .
Much of the work she produced for the Index of American Design is currently held by the National Gallery of Art .
Johnny Mathis Sings the Music of Bacharach & Kaempfert is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in the fall of 1970 by Columbia Records .
While one half of the two - record set was a compilation of tracks from his previous albums that were composed by Burt Bacharach , the other consisted of new recordings of songs composed by Bert Kaempfert , including a new version of " Strangers in the Night " , which Mathis had already recorded in 1966 for his LP Johnny Mathis Sings .
The latest US chartings of any of the Kaempfert compositions as of this album 's debut came from 1967 recordings of " Lady " by Jack Jones and " The Lady Smiles " by Matt Monro .
The American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) is an American broadcast television television network owned by the Disney Media Networks subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company , which originated in 1927 as the NBC Blue radio network , and five years after its 1942 divorce from NBC and purchase by Edward J. Noble ( adopting its current name the following year ) , expanded into television in April 1948 . , the network currently has eight owned - and - operated stations , and current affiliation agreements with 238 other television stations .
This article is a listing of current ABC affiliates in the continental United States and U.S. possessions ( including subchannel affiliates , satellite stations and select low - power translators ) , arranged alphabetically by state , and based on the station 's city of license , and followed in parentheses by the Designated Market Area if it differs from the city of license .
The Great Hall of the People is a state building located at the western edge of Tiananmen Square in Beijing .
It is used for legislative and ceremonial activities by the government of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) and the ruling Communist Party of China .
The People 's Great Hall functions as the meeting place for the full sessions of the National People 's Congress ( NPC ) , the Chinese legislature , which occurs every year during March along with the national session of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) , a political advisory body .
It is also the meeting place of the National Congress of the Communist Party of China , which , since 1982 , has occurred once every five years and the party 's Central Committee which meets approximately once a year .
The Mungana affair involved the sale to the Government of Queensland , Australia , in 1922 , of some mining properties in the Chillagoe - Mungana districts of northern Queensland , at a grossly inflated price .
At that time , Ted Theodore was Premier of Queensland and William McCormack , Member for Cairns and a former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland ,
In 1927 Theodore entered Federal politics , while McCormack became Premier of Queensland from 1925 to 1929 .
In 1929 the Queensland Government appointed a Royal Commission to investigate the sale .
In July 1930 , the scandal forced Theodore to resign from his role as Treasurer of Australia .
McCormack had already resigned from Queensland Parliament in February 1930 before the adverse findings by the Royal Commission .
The Queensland Government did not charge either man with any offence .
In 1788 , his brother , Old Tassel , was chief of the Cherokee people , but was killed under a truce ( negotiating peace ) by frontier rangers .
Tomer Yosef ( in Hebrew תומר יוסף ; born in Kfar Saba , Israel on 8 September 1975 ) is an Israeli singer and lead vocalist for the Israeli - American electronica - world fusion band Balkan Beat Box .
In 2004 he started a DJ set and performed all over Israel , before joining Balkan Beat Box as a guest singer on their 2005 debut album also called Balkan Beat Box .
Tharman Shanmugaratnam (; ; born 25 February 1957 ) is a Singaporean politician and economist .
He is also Chairman of the Monetary Authority of Singapore ( MAS ) , Singapore 's central bank and financial regulator .
Surry Mountain Lake is a impoundment on the Ashuelot River in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire , United States , in the town of Surry .
The reservoir was built to protect downstream communities , such as Keene , from flooding .
Surry Mountain Dam was built by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in 1941 as an earthen rock - fill structure .
Diane de France , suo jure Duchess of Angoulême ( 25 July 1538 – 11 January 1619 ) was the natural ( illegitimate ) daughter of Henry II , King of France , and his Piedmontese mistress Filippa Duci .
Diane 's second marriage was to Francis de Montmorency in 1559 , who was the eldest son of Anne , Constable of France .
Diane also enjoyed much respect at the court of Henry IV , King of France , and superintended the education of his son Louis XIII .
Rocket Cottage is an album by British folk rock band Steeleye Span .
It was hoped that the album would cement the band 's popular and commercial success , building on their breakthrough into the UK Top 10 with their previous album All Around My Hat and its title track , which reached # 5 on the UK singles chart .
Some fans consider this one of the band 's best efforts , pointing to strong tracks like " London " , " Fighting for Strangers " , " Sir James the Rose " , and " Orfeo / Nathan 's Reel " , the first three of which became classics of the band and fan favorites .
Others , however , find the album erratic , complaining that the band 's rhythm section tends to overwhelm the vocals , particularly on " Orfeo " , " The Twelve Witches " , and ( to a lesser extent ) " The Brown Girl " .
The most peculiar decision was the inclusion of an unrehearsed version of " Camptown Racetrack " ; years later Maddy Prior remarked , " I ca n't think what we were thinking of with that . "
Both he and Bob Johnson were seriously considering leaving the band , particularly because they wanted to work on a musical version of The King of Elfland 's Daughter , Chrysalis Records agreed to allow them to record that album if they agreed to record ' Rocket ' .
Lacking any interest in the album that Knight and Johnson produced , Chrysalis made little effort to promote the album , and Knight and Johnson chose to depart the band after ' Rocket ' was released .
The Social Democratic Party ( , PSD ) was a centrist political party in France .
Originally named Democratic Socialist Movement of France ( Mouvement démocrate socialiste de France , MDSF ) , the party was founded in 1973 , by a split from the Socialist Party ( PS ) .
Its founders ( among them Max Lejeune , André Santini , Pierre - Cristophe Baguet , Charles Baur , Émile Muller , Joseph Klifa and Auguste Locoeur ) opposed to the alliance with the French Communist Party ( PCF ) arranged by François Mitterrand on behalf of the PS based on the Common Programme .
The Melado is a river of Linares province , Maule Region , of Chile .
The film was an unauthorized adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson 's novel The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde , but the source material went unrecognized by some of the German media due to changes in the characters ' names .
Owen Murphy ( 9 December 1827 – 4 October 1895 ) was a Canadian private banker , insurance agent and politician .
Born in Stoneham , Quebec , the son of Nicholas Murphy and Ellen O'Brien , both of Irish ancestry , he was a member of the Quebec City Council from 1871 to 1874 and was mayor of Quebec City from 1874 to 1878 .
In the 1881 Quebec election , he ran unsuccessfully as the Liberal candidate in the riding of Québec - Ouest .
He was also a director for the Quebec Central Railway .
Jonatan Berg ( born 9 May 1985 in Torsby ) is a former Swedish footballer .
In July 2010 , after having a trial he moved on to Italy and Serie C1 , joining Taranto which are aiming to reach Serie B.
After a couple of years his younger brother Marcus Berg ( now being a player for the national team of Sweden ) also joined IFK Göteborg .
Civil Revolution ( , RC ) was a left - wing coalition of political parties in Italy .
The coalition was headed by Antonio Ingroia , a former anti - mafia prosecutor of Palermo from 1992 to 2012 and then director of a UN investigation into illegal drug trade in Guatemala in 2012 .
The foundation of RC was preceded by the manifesto Io ci sto , presented by Ingroia on 21 December in Rome .
In the 2013 general election the party obtained 2.2 % of the vote , returning no seats in the Italian Parliament .
" The Way You Make Me Feel " is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson .
It was released by Epic Records on November 9 , 1987 as the third single from his seventh studio album , Bad ( 1987 ) .
It was written and composed by Jackson , and produced by Quincy Jones and Jackson .
Aside from appearing on Jackson 's Bad album , the song has also been featured on the first disc of Jackson 's compilation album in 1995 , Number Ones in 2003 , The Ultimate Collection in 2004 , The Essential Michael Jackson in 2005 , in 2006 and This Is It in 2009 .
" The Way You Make Me Feel " became Bad 's third consecutive single to peak at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 , and charted mainly within the top ten and twenty internationally .
A music video for " The Way You Make Me Feel " was released at the time showing Jackson pursuing and dancing with former model Tatiana Thumbtzen .
The song has been performed on all of Jackson 's world concert tours as a solo artist , and was planned to have been performed during the This Is It concerts from 2009 to 2010 . Notable live performances of the song by Jackson include a performance at the 1988 Grammy Awards ceremony .
Though never officially , it was also informally used by Air National Guard , U.S. Army Reserve , U.S.
The Hanau - Gelnhausen high - speed railway is a planned railway connecting Hanau and Gelnhausen in Germany .
It would start from local tracks in Hanau and connect with the Hanover – Würzburg high - speed railway at Gelnhausen .
The railway would improve journey times for trains travelling from Frankfurt - am - Main to both Berlin and Munich .
Trains travelling to Berlin would be able to reach the Hanover – Würzburg high - speed railway quickly and trains travelling to Munich would , if the connection includes a triangular junction , allow high - speed trains to bypass Aschaffenburg ( where high - speed trains stop on the way to Munich ) and reach Würzburg quicker .
" We Lost the Road " is a song by the Bee Gees , it was written by Barry Gibb and Robin Gibb and was released on their 1972 album To Whom It May Concern .
It was originally recorded in Trafalgar sessions on January 28 , 1971 ( and the first song recorded for Trafalgar . )
Abu Sanra said that he would be opposed twords returning Israeli Jews of Egyptian descent to Egypt in response to a comment made by Essam el - Erian , a member of the Freedom and Justice Party and an adviser to then president Mohamed Morsi ; he also stated that according to Sharia law , Jews deserve to be fought and killed by Muslims .
The Morean War ( ) is the better - known name for the Sixth Ottoman – Venetian War .
The war was fought between 1684 – 1699 , as part of the wider conflict known as the " Great Turkish War " , between the Republic of Venice and the Ottoman Empire .
Military operations ranged from Dalmatia to the Aegean Sea , but the war 's major campaign was the Venetian conquest of the Morea ( Peloponnese ) peninsula in southern Greece .
On the Venetian side , the war was fought to avenge the loss of Crete in the Cretan War ( 1645 – 1669 ) , while the Ottomans were entangled in their northern frontier against the Habsburgs and were unable to concentrate their forces against the Republic .
Winnie - the - Pooh ( 1926 ) is the first volume of stories about Winnie - the - Pooh , written by A.
A. Milne and illustrated by E. H. Shepard .
The book focuses on the adventures of a teddy bear called Winnie - the - Pooh and his friends Piglet , a small toy pig ; Eeyore , a toy donkey ; Owl , a live owl ; and Rabbit , a live rabbit .
The characters of Kanga , a toy kangaroo , and her son Roo are introduced later in the book , in the chapter entitled " In Which Kanga and Baby Roo Come to the Forest and Piglet has a Bath " .
Sonnet is a song by Britpop band The Verve and is featured on their third album , Urban Hymns .
Consequently , " Sonnet " was released as part of a set of four 12-inch records ( backed by " Stamped " , " So Sister " and " Echo Bass " ) .
In Australia , " Sonnet " peaked at # 83 on the ARIA singles chart in January 1999 .
" Take a Look Around " is a song by the American nu metal band Limp Bizkit .
It is the tenth track on their third album Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water and was released as the lead single from the album in July 2000 .
The song received a Grammy nomination for Best Hard Rock Performance in 2001 , but lost to Rage Against the Machine 's " Guerrilla Radio " .
An instrumental version of " Take a Look Around " was released as a promo and later included as a B - side on some versions of the " Rollin ' " single .
The Church of the Presidents is a former Episcopal chapel on the Jersey Shore where seven United States presidents worshiped .
For approximately 75 years it was a seasonal summer resort church , located at 1260 Ocean Avenue in Long Branch , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States , just across the street from the Atlantic Ocean .
In 1953 the Episcopal Diocese deconsecrated the church and slated it for demolition .
Local preservationists stepped in and in 1955 the old chapel was rededicated as the Long Branch Historical Museum .
Charles Pattinson ( sometimes credited as Charlie Pattinson ) is a British television producer .
His initial career was in the theatre , where he was an assistant director at the Royal Court Theatre in the mid-1980s .
In 1985 he moved into television , joining the staff of the BBC as a production trainee , before eventually becoming a producer in the drama department .
He produced a variety of series and one - offs for the Corporation during the 1990s , of which the best known are 1996 's Our Friends in the North ( winner of the 1997 Best Drama Serial accolades from both the British Academy Television Awards and the Royal Television Society ) and the 1997 Jimmy McGovern serial The Lakes .
Super Robin Hood is a Robin Hood - themed platform game published in November 1985 by Codemasters .
Codemasters reworked Super Robin Hood for the NES ( also released on the four - in - one NES cartridge Quattro Adventure , published by Camerica in 1993 ) .
The Oliver twins developed the game for the Amstrad CPC when they were age 17 ; it was their first game published by Codemasters .
Australia 's former Prime - Minister Tony Abbott recently hailed Japan as Australia 's closest friend in Asia , and planned on creating a Free Trade Agreement between the two nations in the coming year .
The Indian Institute of Planning and Management ( IIPM ) was an unaccredited institute headquartered in New Delhi , which previously had 18 branches across India .
After several controversies , the school 's Honorary Dean Arindam Chaudhuri decided to shut down all campuses across India , except the one in Delhi .
IIPM is not accredited by UGC or All India Council for Technical Education ( AICTE ) , and is not affiliated with the public Indian Institutes of Management .
The University Grants Commission ( UGC)a government organisation responsible for the standards of university education in Indiaand the All India Council for Technical Education ( AICTE ) have repeatedly issued public notices stating that they do not recognise IIPM , and that they deem its technical programmes invalid .
In September 2014 Delhi High Court censured IIPM for misleading students and restrained it from using words like MBA , BBA , management course , and b - school to describe the programs it offers .
In July 2015 , IIPM announced that it will stop offering education programmes directly , and shut down all its campuses outside Delhi .
" Luv Your Life " is the third single by Australian rock band Silverchair from their fourth album Diorama , which was released in 2002 .
An international co - production between the United States , the United Kingdom , Germany , and Japan , it is based on the novel of the same name by Michael Chabon .
The film was shot in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , including locations at Carnegie Mellon University , Chatham University , and Shady Side Academy .
Other Pennsylvania locations included Beaver , Rochester and Rostraver Township .
The discography of Chief Keef , an American rapper .
Chief Keef released his first studio album Finally Rich in 2012 , which contained several successful singles , including " I Do n't Like " , " Hate Bein ' Sober " , and " Love Sosa " .
In 2014 he released his mixtape Back from the Dead 2 , which was met with critical acclaim from critics .
In 2015 he was featured on Travis Scott 's debut album Rodeo on the song " Nightcrawler " .
He later released the album Bang 3 in two parts .
Universitetskaya Embankment ( ) is a 1.2   km long embankment on the right bank of the Bolshaya Neva , on Vasilievsky Island in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Starting at the Spit of Vasilievsky Island , it spans between Palace Bridge and Blagoveshchensky Bridge .
The bank was lined with granite in 1805 - 1810 ( eastern part ) , 1831 - 1834 ( western part ) and the 1850s ( near Blagoveshchensky Bridge ) .
It features an ensemble of Petrine Baroque buildings of the early 18th century , including the Kunstkamera , Twelve Collegia , Menshikov Palace , as well as the neoclassical building of the Academy of Arts .
The embankment was formerly connected to the left bank through Isaakiyevsky Pontone Bridge , constructed in 1819 - 1841 in front of Senate Square .
One of the campuses of Saint Petersburg State University ( hosted in the Twelve Collegia and several other buildings ) , Saint Petersburg branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences , Peter the Great Museum of Anthropology and Ethnography ( hosted in the Kunstkamera ) and Zoological Museum are all situated along the embankment .
The Jingyihuo railway ( ) , short for Jinghe – Yining – Khorgas railway , is the first electrified railway in operation in Xinjiang , China .
The line is 286   km in length and connects Jinghe , Yining and Khorgos .
The Jingyihuo railway branches from the Northern Xinjiang railway at Jinghe in the Junggar Basin , and heads south through the Tian Shan range into the Ili River Valley .
Cities and towns along route include Jinghe , Nilka County , Yining County , Yining , Huocheng County , and Khorgos , on the border with Kazakhstan .
One of the three daily Ürümqi - Yining passenger trains ( all running overnight ) was extended to Khorgos in December 2013 .
On its way from the Dzungarian Basin ( where the Northern Xinjiang railway runs ) to the Ili Valley ( where Yining is ) , the railway crosses the Borohoro Mountain Range ( one of the ranges of the Tian Shan ) in the 13-km long North Tianshan Tunnel ( ) .
The Jinghe – Yining section is electrified .
Germinie Lacerteux ( 1865 ) is a grim , anti - Romantic novel by Edmond and Jules de Goncourt in which the authors aim to present , as they say , a " clinic of love . "
Penny Arcade is a webcomic focused on video games and video game culture , written by Jerry Holkins and illustrated by Mike Krahulik .
The comic debuted in 1998 on the website loonygames.com .
Since then , Holkins and Krahulik have established their own site , which is typically updated with a new comic strip each Monday , Wednesday , and Friday .
Hurricane Flora is among the deadliest Atlantic hurricanes in recorded history , with a death total of at least 7,193 .
The seventh tropical storm and sixth hurricane of the 1963 Atlantic hurricane season , Flora developed from a disturbance in the Intertropical Convergence Zone on September 26 while located southwest of the Cape Verde islands .
Flora continued to quickly strengthen to reach Category 3 hurricane status before moving through the Windward Islands and passing over Tobago , and it reached maximum sustained winds of in the Caribbean .
The storm struck southwestern Haiti near peak intensity , turned to the west , and drifted over Cuba for four days before turning to the northeast .
Flora passed over the Bahamas and accelerated northeastward , becoming an extratropical cyclone on October 12 .
Due to its slow movement across Cuba , Flora is the wettest known tropical cyclone for Cuba , Haiti , and the Dominican Republic .
The significant casualties caused by Flora were the most for a tropical cyclone in the Atlantic Basin since the 1900 Galveston Hurricane .
She regularly appears on American and foreign media and gives lectures and conferences at U.S. universities on issues of press freedom violations .
She testified at the US Congress and the United Nations in New York .
The Best of the Art of Noise is the name of a series of compilation albums with songs by the British synthpop band The Art of Noise .
The first version was released on the China Records label in November 1988 .
A Japanese CD version from 1991 was identical to the standard CD but contained two more mixes of " Kiss " as bonus tracks .
In 1992 , China Records reissued The Best of and added " Yebo , " " Instruments of Darkness " and " Robinson Crusoe , " while omitting the three tracks that were licensed from ZTT Records and included on the 1988 release : " Beatbox , " " Moments in Love " and " Close ( To the Edit ) . "
Pandora , daughter of King Deucalion and Pyrrha and granddaughter of the above figure .
Pandora , second eldest daughter of King Erechtheus of Athens and Praxithea .
Pandora 's other sisters were Procris , Creusa , Oreithyia and Chthonia .
Amanda Sørensen ( born November 18 , 1985 in Skanderborg ) is a retired Danish amateur BMX cyclist .
Having started her sporting career at the age of seven and been admitted to the Danish national cycling team since 2002 , Sorensen has mounted numerous Nordic regional titles and top - eight finishes in BMX racing at the European Championships , and admittedly , participated in more than 300 BMX circuits across Australia , the United States , Brazil , and Europe .
Before retiring from the sport in September 2009 , Sorensen also represented her nation Denmark at the 2008 Summer Olympics , and has been training with personal and head coach Christian Munk Poulsen for Skanderborg BMX Klub throughout her cycling career .
Sorensen qualified for the Danish squad in women 's BMX cycling at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing by receiving an invitational berth from the Union Cycliste Internationale ( UCI ) based on her best performance at the UCI World Championships in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
Tales of Mystery and Imagination is the debut studio album by English rock band The Alan Parsons Project .
It was released on 1 May 1976 in the United States by 20th Century Fox Records and on 1 June 1976 in the United Kingdom by Charisma Records .
Musicians featured on the album include vocalists Arthur Brown of The Crazy World of Arthur Brown on " The Tell Tale Heart " , John Miles on " The Cask of Amontillado " and " ( The System of ) Dr. Tarr and Professor Fether " , and Terry Sylvester of The Hollies on " To One In Paradise " .
John Moran Bailey ( November 23 , 1904 – April 10 , 1975 ) was an American politician who played a major role in promoting the New Deal coalition of the Democratic Party and its liberal policy positions .
Bailey dominated Connecticut Democratic politics as a party chairman , from 1946 to his death in 1975 .
The Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee ( VSaW ) ( meaning : " Sailing house by the Wann Lake Union " ) is the second oldest yacht club in Germany after Segelclub RHE .
It is located on the shores of the Greater Wannsee lake , southwest of Berlin .
Together with the Yacht Club of Kiel , the Norddeutscher Regattaverein and the Hamburger Sailing Club , the Verein Seglerhaus am Wannsee organizes the Kiel Week .
Taking place in the Bay of Kiel , this annual event is one of the largest and most prestigious sailing regattas in the world .
The first tlacochcalcatl was instated under the rule of Huitzilihuitl who appointed his brother Itzcoatl who probably also served during the rule of Chimalpopoca .
Middletown is a city located in Butler and Warren counties in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio , about 29 miles northeast of Cincinnati .
Formerly in Lemon , Turtlecreek , and Franklin townships , Middletown was incorporated by the Ohio General Assembly on February 11 , 1833 , and became a city in 1886 .
It is part of the Cincinnati - Middletown Metropolitan Statistical Area as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau .
The city was the home of AK Steel Holding Corporation ( formerly Armco ) , a major steel works founded in 1900 until offices were moved to West Chester Township , Ohio in 2007 , but AK Steel 's factory still resides in Middletown .
Middletown contains a small municipal airport known as Hook Field , ( airport code MWO ) , but is no longer served by commercial airlines , only general aviation .
A regional campus of Miami University is located in Middletown .
In 1957 , Middletown was designated as an All - America City .
" Test for Echo " is the title track and first single from Canadian rock band Rush 's 16th studio album released in 1996 .
The song also peaked at # 6 on the Canadian Singles Chart , which is the band 's highest position on that chart since New World Man peaked at # 1 in 1982 .
It was the band 's fourth consecutive album to yield a chart - topper on this chart , along with " Stick It Out " from Counterparts , " Show Do n't Tell " from Presto and " Dreamline " from Roll the Bones .
Wrangler : Anatomy of an Icon is a 2008 feature documentary film about the life of Jack Wrangler , produced and directed by Jeffrey Schwarz of Automat Pictures .
The documentary also features his transitioning to roles such as straight porn star , his romantic relationship with and later marriage to singer Margaret Whiting , his activism in supporting and promoting AIDS charities and his later career as a theatrical producer and director .
Jacques Lanxade ( born 8 September 1934 ) is a French admiral and former navy chief , and co - author of a recent proposed reform of NATO .
He was a private chief of staff of François Mitterrand , President of the French Republic , from 1989 to 1991 , and became chief of defense of the French Armed Forces from 1991 to 1995 .
As of 2008 , he is the chairman of the Académie de Marine , and President of the Mediterranean Foundation for Strategic Research .
Bretton Woods is an area within the town of Carroll , New Hampshire , United States , whose principal points of interest are three leisure and recreation facilities .
Being virtually surrounded by the White Mountain National Forest , the vista from Bretton Woods toward Mount Washington and the Presidential Range includes no significant artificial structures other than the Mount Washington Cog Railway and the Mount Washington Hotel .
In 1772 King George III granted Sir Thomas Wentworth of Bretton Hall , a country house in West Bretton , West Yorkshire , and 82 others , a parcel of of land to be laid out as a plantation in the White Mountains .
The plantation became the town of Carroll , and the southeast corner of the land retained the name " Bretton Woods " , after the estate .
Saturday Nights & Sunday Mornings is the fifth studio album by Counting Crows , released in the United States on March 25 , 2008 .
It is thematically divided into two sides : the rock music of Saturday Nights and the more country - influenced Sunday Mornings .
The Saturday Nights portion was produced by Gil Norton ( who also produced the band 's second album , Recovering the Satellites ) , while Sunday Mornings was produced by Brian Deck , perhaps best known for his production work on Modest Mouse 's album The Moon and Antarctica .
The album debuted at number 3 on the Billboard 200 , the band 's highest peak since Recovering the Satellites and it sold 106,000 copies in first week .
The cover depicts the Empire State Building in New York City .
George Louis Costanza is a character in the American television sitcom Seinfeld ( 1989 – 1998 ) , played by Jason Alexander .
George appears in every episode except " The Pen " ( third season ) .
The character was originally based on Seinfeld co - creator Larry David but is surnamed after Jerry Seinfeld 's real - life New York friend , Mike Costanza .
Alexander reprised his role in an episode of Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee , reuniting with Jerry Seinfeld and Wayne Knight ( also reprising their roles as Jerry and Newman , respectively ) .
James Wilson ( August 16 , 1766 – January 4 , 1839 ) was a U.S. Representative from New Hampshire , father of James Wilson ( 1797 - 1881 ) .
Born in Peterborough , New Hampshire , Wilson attended Phillips Academy , Andover , Massachusetts , and graduated from Harvard University in 1789 .
He served as member of the State house of representatives 1803 - 1808 and 1812 - 1814 .
Wilson was elected as a Federalist to the Eleventh Congress ( March 4 , 1809 – March 3 , 1811 ) .
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1810 and resumed the practice of law , moving to Keene , New Hampshire , in 1815 .
Penny Sue Pritzker ( born May 2 , 1959 ) is an American billionaire businesswoman , entrepreneur , and civic leader .
President Barack Obama nominated Pritzker as United States Secretary of Commerce .
After being confirmed by a Senate vote of 97–1 , she became the 38th person to hold that position .
She is the founder of PSP Capital Partners and Pritzker Realty Group .
He has also directed two prominent episodes of US television series Game of Thrones : " Blackwater " and " The Watchers on the Wall " , with particular acclaim for his direction on both occasions , as well as a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for " The Watchers on the Wall " .
Mayon ( , , ) , also known as Mayon Volcano or Mount Mayon , is an active stratovolcano in the province of Albay in Bicol Region , on the large island of Luzon in the Philippines .
It was reclassified a Natural Park and renamed as the Mayon Volcano Natural Park in 2000 .
The volcano is the centerpiece of the Albay Biosphere Reserve , declared by UNESCO in 2016 .
Pauline Bonaparte ( 20 October 1780 – 9 June 1825 ) was an Italian noblewoman , the first sovereign Duchess of Guastalla in Italy , an imperial French Princess and the Princess consort of Sulmona and Rossano .
She was the sixth child of Letizia Ramolino and Carlo Buonaparte , Corsica 's representative to the court of King Louis XVI of France .
Her elder brother , Napoleon , was the first Emperor of the French .
She married Charles Leclerc , a French general , a union ended by his death in 1802 .
Later , she married Camillo Borghese , 6th Prince of Sulmona .
Her only child , Dermide Leclerc , born from her first marriage , died in childhood .
She was the only Bonaparte sibling to visit Napoleon in exile on his principality , Elba .
Ernest Edward Wood ( August 24 , 1875 – January 10 , 1952 ) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri .
After studying law , Wood was admitted to the bar in 1898 and commenced practice in St. Louis , Missouri .
Wood presented his credentials as a Democratic Member - elect to the Fifty - ninth Congress and served from March 4 , 1905 to June 23 , 1906 , when he was succeeded by Harry M. Coudrey , who contested his election .
Wood moved to Los Angeles , California in 1907 and resumed the practice of law .
Winter 's Heart a fantasy novel by American author Robert Jordan , the ninth book of his series Wheel of Time .
It was published by Tor Books and released on November 7 , 2000 .
Upon its release , it immediately rose to the # 1 position on the New York Times hardcover fiction bestseller list , making it the second Wheel of Time book to reach the # 1 position on that list .
The book 's title is a reference to the increasing coldness of Rand al'Thor 's personality and to the return of winter following the reversal in the previous book , The Path of Daggers , of the unnatural heat caused by the Dark One 's manipulation of climate .
Winter 's Heart was the first Wheel of Time book for which the prologue , entitled " Snow " , was first sold as an ebook in advance of the physical release of the book .
Gopeng is a town located in Mukim Teja , Kampar District , Perak , Malaysia .
It is situated approximately 20   km south of Ipoh , the state capital .
The town is located on the west side of the North - South Expressway stretch of Tapah - Simpang Pulai .
The limestone hills and the Titiwangsa Mountains are clearly visible ; the expressway penetrates between them and the view of the Tapah - Gopeng stretch is one of the most picturesque areas on the west side of Peninsular Malaysia .
Once this town was bustling with tin miners and locals who busied themselves with the great tin mining industry of Malaysia until the collapse of the tin empire in 1980s .
Gopeng is also well known for limestone caves such as Gua Tempurung , located approximately 5   km from the town centre .
The flyby of Halley 's Comet had been a late mission change in the Venera program following on from the cancellation of the American Halley mission in 1981 .
A later Venera mission was cancelled and the Venus part of the Vega 1 mission was reduced .
Because of this , the craft was designated VeGa , a contraction of Venera and Gallei ( Венера and Галлея respectively , the Russian words for " Venus " and " Halley " ) .
The spacecraft design was based on the previous Venera 9 and Venera 10 missions .
Norman Boyd ( born 16 October 1961 ) is a former Unionist politician in Northern Ireland .
Boyd was born in Belfast and attended Belfast High School and Newtownabbey Technical College before working in banking .
At the 1998 Northern Ireland Assembly election , Boyd was elected for the UK Unionist Party ( UKUP ) to represent South Antrim .
In January 1999 , he joined three of the four other UKUP Assembly members in forming the Northern Ireland Unionist Party .
Tokyo Mirage Sessions ♯FE is a crossover role - playing video game developed by Atlus and published by Nintendo for the Wii U home console .
The game combines gameplay , narrative and aesthetic elements from Atlus ' Shin Megami Tensei and Nintendo 's Fire Emblem series .
Taking place in modern - day Tokyo and featuring real - life locations such as Shibuya and Harajuku , the game centers around evil beings known as Mirages who seek to harvest an energy known as Performa from humans and are responsible for several disappearances .
A notable feature was musical numbers produced by Japanese entertainment company Avex Group .
Due to its Japanese setting and aesthetic , its Western release retains the Japanese voice track with subtitles rather than an English dub .
Tyrone Keys ( born October 24 , 1960 ) is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman for six seasons for the Chicago Bears , Tampa Bay Buccaneers , and San Diego Chargers .
In high school Keys was a member of the Callaway High School Chargers of Jackson , Mississippi which won all 12 of their 1975 season games and won the Big 8 Conference championship ( the Big 8 was at the time the conference of Mississippi 's largest high schools ) .
Algester is an outer suburb of City of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
The suburbs of Algester , Calamvale and now Parkinson , sit on the southern border or boundary of the City of Brisbane local government area with suburbs of Logan City such as Browns Plains and Regents Park .
The suburb 's name is a corruption of the name of the English town of " Alcester " .
The band 's frontwoman is Irena Karpa — Ukrainian singer and writer .
The New Zealand Rally Championship ( NZRC ) is New Zealand 's leading off - road motor rally competition .
The championship was formed around the then newly created Rally New Zealand when it joined the World Rally Championship in 1977 .
Since then Rally New Zealand has frequently been the starring event of the NZRC and the event is current based in Auckland .
The International Rally of Whangarei is also a round of the NZRC as well as being a round of the Asia - Pacific Rally Championship .
The current six round championship also takes in events based in Otago and Canterbury regions with two events based at Wairarapa .
.cw is the Internet country code top - level domain ( ccTLD ) for Curaçao .
It was created following the decision on December 15 , 2010 by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency to allocate CW as the ISO 3166 - 1 alpha-2 code for Curaçao .
This decision followed Curaçao 's new status as an autonomous country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands on October 10 , 2010 .
The University of Curaçao , which already was the sponsor for .an was designated as the sponsoring organization .
Currently , many websites in Curaçao still use the former Netherlands Antilles 's ccTLD , .an .
Domains from .an will be able to switch to .sx ( Sint Maarten ) or .cw , depending on where they are based .
William Busac ( 1020 - 1076 ) , son of William I , Count of Eu , and his wife Lesceline .
William appealed to King Henry I of France , who gave him in marriage Adelaide , the heiress of the county of Soissons .
William and Adelaide had four children :
Manasses of Soissons , Bishop of Cambrai , Bishop of Soissons ( d. 1 Mar 1108 )
" You Would n't Know Love " is a song written by Michael Bolton and Diane Warren appearing contemporaneously in 1989 on Bolton 's Soul Provider album and Cher 's Heart of Stone album .
Cher 's version of the song , produced by its writer , Michael Bolton , became the fourth and final European single release from Cher 's nineteenth album in 1990 by Geffen Records .
Cher 's album was certified 3× Platinum by the RIAA in 1998 for sales of over 3 million in the U.S. alone , with worldwide sales exceeding 11 million .
Mustansiriyah University ( Arabic : الجامعة المستنصرية ) is a university in Baghdad , Iraq .
Its building , on the left bank of the Tigris River , survived the Mongol invasion of 1258 and has been restored .
At the same time it absorbed Al - Sha’ab University , another private university that had been founded by the Ίrāqi Association of Economists , and then moved to a new campus to the north of the city centre .
Initially , the University also managed colleges in Mosul and Basra .
Mustansiriyah thus became , briefly , a College within the University of Baghdad .
Mustansiriyah was designated as a separate University in 1968 , and its branch campuses were detached to form part of the University of Mosul and the University of Basra .
Live in Berlin is the title or subtitle of several albums and videos recorded in Berlin , Germany by various artists .
In Berlin , also released as Live in Berlin , a 1981 live album by Blurt
The Wall Live in Berlin , a 1990 concert staging of Pink Floyd 's The Wall by Roger Waters
Live aus Berlin , a 1998 concert album by Rammstein
Acoustic Trio Live in Berlin , a 2002 album by Willy DeVille .
La Ultima / Live in Berlin , a live album and concert movie of the German rock band Böhse Onkelz .
Depeche Mode Live in Berlin , a 2014 live album and concert movie of the English electronic band Depeche Mode .
Dwight Tillery is an American politician of the Democratic Party who is active in local politics of Cincinnati , Ohio .
Tillery grew up in the city 's West End and attended the University of Cincinnati in the 1960s , where he helped found the university 's United Black Association and graduated with a degree in political science .
Tillery served as mayor of Cincinnati from 1991 to 1993 .
He briefly ran for the Democratic nomination for Congress in 1992 before dropping out of the race in order to focus on his mayoral duties .
He was a member of the Cincinnati City Council for many years , until 1998 , when term limits forced his retirement .
In 2004 Tillery founded the nonprofit organization The Center for Closing the Health Gap in Greater Cincinnati to actively engage local hospitals , social advocates , and health care leaders to combat higher rates of obesity , diabetes , heart disease , HIV and cancer occurring in vulnerable populations .
DADVSI ( generally pronounced as dadsi ) is the abbreviation of the French Loi sur le Droit d'Auteur et les Droits Voisins dans la Société de l'Information ( in English : " law on authors ' rights and related rights in the information society " ) .
It is a bill reforming French copyright law , mostly in order to implement the 2001 European directive on copyright ( known as EUCD ) , which in turn implements a 1996 WIPO treaty .
The law was highly controversial within France because of fears that it could significantly hamper free software and might also significantly restrict the right to make copies of copyrighted works for private use .
Because of this , a controversy arose with Apple Computer and associated US industry groups , who loudly protested in the US press ; therefore , the DADVSI bill was sometimes referred to as the iTunes law or iPod law in the English - language press ( see Interoperability and Apple controversy ) , although the law is not referred to in this way in France .
Radama II ( September 23 , 1829   – May 12 , 1863 [ contested ] } ) was the son and heir of Queen Ranavalona I and ruled from 1861 to 1863 over the Kingdom of Madagascar , which controlled virtually the entire island .
Under the unyielding and often harsh 33-year rule of his mother , Queen Ranavalona I , Madagascar had successfully preserved its cultural and political independence from French and British designs .
In a coup led by his Prime Minister , Rainivoninahitriniony , Radama II was strangled on May 12 , 1863 .
His wife Rabodo , who took the throne name Rasoherina , was allowed by the ministers to succeed her husband on the condition that she and future sovereigns would no longer rule unilaterally , but rather in concert with the Hova ( the class of free citizens ) as represented by the position of Prime Minister .
A strong case has since been made on the basis of significant evidence that Radama may indeed have revived after the strangling and lived to old age in anonymity near Lake Kinkony in the northwestern part of the island .
The historic county of Middlesex in south east England was represented in Parliament from the 13th century .
From early times the City of London and the rest of Middlesex had different sheriffs and other administrative arrangements .
In that year the urbanised east of the county became part of the new administrative county of London ; administered by the London County Council .
Greater London absorbed the administrative county of London and surrounding territory , including almost all of the administrative county of Middlesex .
The south west part of the historic county ( then the Staines Urban District and the Sunbury on Thames Urban District but from 1974 the borough of Spelthorne ) was transferred to the administrative county of Surrey .
A smaller part of the historic county , in the Potters Bar area , was transferred to the administrative county of Hertfordshire .
In 1995 the village of Poyle , which had been a small area in the north of Spelthorne , was transferred to Berkshire .
" Lego House " is a song by English singer - songwriter Ed Sheeran .
" Mexico " is a single released in May 1970 by San Francisco rock band Jefferson Airplane , produced by the band at Pacific High Recording Studios with Phill Sawyer as the recording engineer .
Live versions of " Mexico " and its B - side , " Have You Seen the Saucers " , were intended to be released on the next Airplane album ; however , Marty Balin left the band before production of Bark was completed , forcing a change in some of the planned material .
A live version of " Have You Seen the Saucers " appeared as the opening track of the live album Thirty Seconds Over Winterland ; the two studio tracks were finally released on an album when the Early Flight compilation was released .
Joseph II ( Joseph Benedikt Anton Michael Adam ; 13 March 1741 – 20 February 1790 ) was Holy Roman Emperor from August 1765 and sole ruler of the Habsburg lands from November 1780 until his death .
He was the eldest son of Empress Maria Theresa and her husband , Emperor Francis I , and the brother of Marie Antoinette .
He died with no sons and was succeeded by his younger brother , Leopold II .
The Christian Church of Southern Sumatra is a Protestant church in Indonesia , based on the southern part of the island of Sumatra , the Provinces of Lampung , Jambi , South Sumatra , and Bengkulu .
The synod office is located in Lampung .
The Christian Church of Central Java began mission work among these Javanese population in Sumatra .
In 1952 5 congregations formed a classis and joined the Javanese Christian Church .
It is a common resident breeder in much of tropical southern Asia from southwest Iran through India and Sri Lanka east to southern China and Indonesia .
Susan McCann ( born 2 February 1949 ) is an Irish - born country and Irish singer , with an enduring and international popularity , who has recorded some 650 songs and toured around the world and performed at numerous prestigious venues including Carnegie Hall and Dollywood McCann has had recording deals in South Africa and toured Russia , has been recording of over 40 years , and has sung for former US President George H. W. Bush .
and son George W. Bush .
" Savoy Truffle " is a song by the English rock group the Beatles from their 1968 album The Beatles ( also known as " the White Album " ) .
The song was written by George Harrison and inspired by his friend Eric Clapton 's fondness for chocolate .
Along with Clapton 's guest appearance on the White Album track " While My Guitar Gently Weeps " and Harrison reciprocating on Cream 's " Badge " , it is one of several songs that mark the start of a long - lasting musical association between the two guitarists .
The Beatles recorded " Savoy Truffle " in October 1968 , towards the end of the five - month sessions for the album .
The recording includes a Chris Thomas - arranged horn section , and introduced the horn - heavy sound that became a feature of Harrison 's music as a solo artist .
Among more recent assessments , Ian MacDonald cited it as an example of the lesser material found on The Beatles , while Daryl Easlea of BBC Music describes it as one of the " doodles that delight " and " a fine counterweight " to " While My Guitar Gently Weeps " .
Bidar is a hill top city in the north - eastern part of Karnataka state in south India .
It is the headquarters of the Bidar which borders Maharashtra and Telangana .
It is a rapidly urbanising city in the wider Bidar Metropolitan area .
Being located at the farthest of around from the state capital Bengaluru , it has been neglected by the state government for a long time .
However , owing to its rich heritage , the city has a prominent place on the Archaeological Map of India .
According to the book " Bidar Heritage " published by the state Department of Archaeology , Museums and Heritage , of the 61 monuments listed by the department , about 30 are tombs located in and around Bidar city . , explaining its nickname , " City of Whispering Monuments " .
Bidar is home for the second biggest Indian Air Force training centre in the country .
Unlike other places in the region , Bidar is the coldest and wettest place in north Karnataka .
For the year 2009 - 10 , Bidar was ranked 22nd among the cleanest cities in India , and 5th cleanest in Karnataka .
SH4 passes through Bidar and the whole city is integrated with 4 lane road .
Ancient Karez System in the city have been recently discovered .
The Bidar Karez , built in the 15th century , is more than long with 21 air vents .
UniCredit Banca S.p . A. was the retail banking division of UniCredit Group .
On 1 July 2002 , Rolo Banca , Banca CRT , Cariverona Banca , Cassamarca , Cassa di Risparmio di Trento e Rovereto and Cassa di Risparmio di Trieste were merged into Credito Italiano S.p . A. ( a new subsidiary of UniCredit incorporated in December 1999 ) , with Credito Italiano was renamed into UniCredit Banca S.p . A .. On 1 January 2003 UniCredit Private Banking and UniCredit Banca d'Impresa were spin off from UniCredit Banca
After UniCredit acquired Capitalia Group in an all - share deal in 2007 , UniCredit Group gained the brand Banca di Roma and Banco di Sicilia .
UniCredit Banca exchanged branches with the two sister companies ( as well as absorbed Bipop Carire ) , making UniCredit Banca was specialized in the northern Italy .
3 branches of former UniCredit Banca were sold to Banca Carige .
In 2010 , UniCredit Banca was absorbed by the parent company UniCredit S.p . A. , becoming the retail division of the company .
Gustavo Montoya ( b. July 9 , 1905 – d. July 12 , 2003 ) was a Mexican artist considered to be a late adherent to the Mexican School of Painting , most often associated with Mexican muralism .
He later met and married artist Cordelia Urueta , with whom he lived in Paris , developing his artistic talents .
He was not heavily involved in Mexico ’s artistic circles but was a founding member of the Liga de Escritores y Artistas Revolucionarios and the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana .
The Petschek Palace ( in Czech Petschkův palác or Pečkárna ) is a neoclassicist building in Prague .
In 1948 the building was acquired by the then - Czechoslovak Ministry of Foreign Trade .
Today it is the residence of a part of the Czech Ministry of Industry and Trade .
In 1989 the building became a National Cultural Monument ( Národní kulturní památka ) .
The Cabinet Mountains Wilderness , created by an act of Congress in 1964 , is located in the U.S. state of Montana .
Protecting the wildest portions of the Cabinet Mountains and an integral part of Kootenai National Forest and Kaniksu National Forest , the wilderness had enjoyed more limited protection since 1935 as a Primitive Area .
Although camping and fishing are allowed with proper permit , no roads or buildings are constructed and there is also no logging or mining , in compliance with the 1964 Wilderness Act .
Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas also allow hunting in season .
There are many mountain lakes and sky scraping peaks located in the Cabinets , the highest of the peaks being Snowshoe Peak .
Michael Helm is a Canadian novelist .
He was born in Eston , Saskatchewan , and received degrees in literature from the University of Saskatchewan and the University of Toronto .
Helm currently teaches in the Department of English at York University in Toronto .
Muslim Angolans are represented by the Supreme Council of Angolan Muslims of Luanda .
Athos Procópio de Oliveira Júnior ( born January 3 , 1943 in Catanduva ) is a former international freestyle and backstroke swimmer from Brazil .
Among other achievements , he was part of the Brazilian team champion of the 4×100-metre freestyle relay in the 1964 South American Absolute Championship , in Guayaquil , Ecuador .
Oleg was a Rurikid ruler of the Drevlyans from 969 to his death in 977 .
He was the second son of Sviatoslav I of Kiev .
Oleg and his brother Yaropolk went to war after their father 's death .
According to Primary chronicle , Oleg killed Lyut , the son of Yaropolk 's chief adviser and military commander Sveneld , when he hunted in the Drevlyan lands which Oleg regarded as his own .
In an act of revenge and at the insistence of Sveneld , Yaropolk went to war against his brother Oleg and killed him in Ovruch .
Then , Yaropolk sent his men to Novgorod , from which his other brother Vladimir had fled on receiving the news about Oleg 's death .
The Parish of Bherwerre is a parish of the County of St Vincent in New South Wales which formerly included the area that is now the Jervis Bay Territory , which was transferred to the Commonwealth of Australia in 1915 .
At the time , the parish was located in Clyde Shire .
The parish now includes the towns of Sanctuary Point and Vincentia , and also the village of Hyams Beach .
" Hometown Glory " is the debut single by British singer Adele , released on 22 October 2007 in the United Kingdom .
In 2010 , the song received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance , but lost to Beyoncé 's " Halo " .
In 2007 , " Hometown Glory " was released on singer Jamie T 's Pacemaker Recordings label as a limited edition 7 " vinyl single , of which only 500 copies were made .
The song appears on her debut studio album 19 ( 2008 ) .
The Field Marshals ' Hall of the Winter Palace in Saint Petersburg was built to honor Imperial Russia 's greatest military leaders — Russian generals who attained the rank of Field Marshal .
( The only higher rank was that of Generalissimo , attained by four generals and , in the Soviet period , bestowed on Joseph Stalin ) .
This great hall and the adjacent throne room are part of the suite of rooms that were created in the western part of the Winter Palace for Tsar Nicholas I in 1833 by architect Auguste de Montferrand .
Today , as part of the State Hermitage Museum , this room retains its recreated decoration by Stasov .
The Second Boer War was fought from 11 October 1899 until 31 May 1902 , between the British Empire and the two independent Boer republics of the Orange Free State and the South African Republic ( Transvaal Republic ) .
Around one thousand Indians from Natal were shipped to South Africa to help in the recovery effort by transporting the wounded off the battlefields .
Even Mahatma Gandhi , who was practising as a lawyer at the time in Durban , was a volunteer , helping recovery efforts in the Battles of Colenso and Spionkop .
Grow into One ( stylized as grow into one ) is the second studio album released by Japanese R&B ;- turned - pop singer Koda Kumi , released on March 19 , 2003 .
It barely peaked in the Top 10 on Oricon , coming it at # 8 , and charted for forty - three weeks .
The album also contained , at the time , one of her best - selling singles , " Real Emotion/1000 no Kotoba " .
Combined with the singles , the album has sold over half a million copies in Japan .
The album featured rap duo Clench & Blistah and urban contemporary singer and producer Lisa , who had been featured on Kumi 's single " Maze " , after having just split from her founded hip - hop group M - Flo .
Set Them Free ( foaled February 11 , 1990 , in Kentucky , died October 30 , 2018 ) was an American thoroughbred mare racehorse .
She is sired by stakes winner Stop The Music , who in turn was sired by the 1960 U.S. Champion 2-Yr - Old Colt , Hail To Reason , out of the Tyrant mare Valseuse .
She was purchased as a two - year - old by Ann and Jerome Moss at the 1992 Fasig - Tipton Calder sale for $ 45,000 through the late trainer Brian Mayberry and was named for a song by the recording artist Sting .
Set Them Free was best known for her success as a broodmare .
She was the dam of two Kentucky Derby entrants : 2005 winner Giacomo , by Holy Bull , and Tiago , by Pleasant Tap .
Zain Javadd Malik ( , ; born 12 January 1993 ) , known mononymously as Zayn , is an English singer and songwriter .
Born and raised in Bradford , West Yorkshire , Malik auditioned as a solo contestant for the British music competition The X Factor in 2010 .
Malik left the group in March 2015 and subsequently signed a solo recording contract with RCA Records .
Adopting a more alternative R&B ; music style with his debut studio album Mind of Mine ( 2016 ) and its lead single , " Pillowtalk " , Malik became the first British male artist to debut at number one in both the UK and US with a debut single and debut album .
Stantec Tower is a mixed - use skyscraper currently under construction in the Ice District in downtown Edmonton , Alberta .
, when it reached a construction height of , it surpassed the JW Marriott Edmonton Ice District & Residences and became the tallest building in Edmonton .
Once completed , Stantec Tower will be tall , making it the tallest building in Canada outside Toronto .
It will house the headquarters of Stantec .
Located close to Rogers Place , home of the NHL 's Edmonton Oilers , it will be in the heart of the newly created Ice District .
Theology is the eighth full - length album by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor .
It was released in 2007 on Rubyworks ( and Koch Records in the US ) .
The album consists of two discs , the acoustic " Dublin Sessions " and the full - band " London Sessions " .
The first single from Theology is " I Do n't Know How to Love Him " ( an Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice song from Jesus Christ Superstar ) .
Ray Monette is an American musician .
His name appears on Scorpion and Meat Loaf 's debut album Stoney & Meatloaf ( 1971 ) .
In that same year , he played tenor guitar on " Evolution " by Dennis Coffey & the Detroit Guitar Band , and played a guitar solo on Funkadelic 's " I Got a Thing , You Got a Thing , Everybody 's Got a Thing " .
He was a guitarist and singer of the Rare Earth from 1971 until 2004 ( with a break around 1977 ) .
In 2010 he played on the Phil Collins album Going Back .
Abrakurrie Cave is a wild cave on the Nullarbor Plain in Western Australia .
It is located about north west of Eucla and is reported to have the largest single cave chamber in the southern hemisphere , and that stencils in the cave are the deepest penetration of Aboriginal art of any cave system in Australia .
Samuel Bigger ( March 20 , 1802 – September 9 , 1846 ) was the seventh Governor of the U.S. state of Indiana from December 9 , 1840 to December 6 , 1843 .
By the time of his reelection campaign , the Whig Party had become the target of public blame for the debacle , and Bigger was defeated .
Miroslaw Balka ( born 1958 , Warsaw , Poland ) , is a contemporary Polish sculptor and video artist .
He graduated from the Warsaw Academy of Fine Arts in 1985 .
He currently works in Otwock and Warsaw , Poland .
ETC is an India - based satellite television channel based in Mumbai , Maharashtra , ETC was a 24-hour Indian Music Channel .
Most species of South America are known only from the coast of Colombia and Venezuela , including the islands of Aruba , Curaçao , Bonaire and Trinidad .
Pari Khan Khanum ( , also spelled Parikhan Khanum ; 1548 – 1576 ) was a Safavid princess , the daughter of the Safavid king ( shah ) Tahmasp I ( 1524 – 1576 ) and his Circassian consort , Sultan - Agha Khanum .
An influential figure in the Safavid state , Pari Khan Khanum was well educated and knowledgeable in traditional Islamic sciences such as jurisprudence , and was an accomplished poet .
She played a crucial role in securing the succession of her brother Ismail II ( r. 1576 – 1577 ) to the Safavid throne .
Odeon Sky Filmworks is a joint venture between Odeon Cinemas and British Sky Broadcasting designed to bring film titles to UK audiences in cinemas and at home .
Called ‘ Odeon and Sky Filmworks’ ( FILMWORKS ) , the collaboration between SKY and ODEON will act as a UK - based film distributor , signing up titles directly from filmmakers .
Sky will retain all UK TV rights – and will make the films available to Sky viewers across its download service – Sky Movies By Broadband , as well as Sky Box Office , before their UK Television Premiere on Sky Movies .
Khan Tervel ( ) also called Tarvel , or Terval , or Terbelis in some Byzantine sources , was the Khan of Bulgaria during the First Bulgarian Empire at the beginning of the 8th century .
He was a Christian like his grandfather Khan Kubrat .
The testimony of the source and some later traditions allow identifying Tervel as the son and heir of his predecessor Asparukh , who had perhaps died in battle against the Khazars .
Mount Carmel Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery located in the Chicago suburb of Hillside , Illinois .
The Beverly Hillbillies is an American sitcom ( situation comedy ) television series originally broadcast on CBS from 1962 to 1971 .
The show had an ensemble cast featuring Buddy Ebsen , Irene Ryan , Donna Douglas , and Max Baer Jr. as the Clampetts , a poor backwoods family from the Ozarks region who move to posh Beverly Hills , California , after striking oil on their land .
The show was produced by Filmways and was created by writer Paul Henning .
Tholing ( , literally " high place " ; ) , Toling , Tuolin , or Toding , alternatively Zanda , Tsanda , Tsada , or Zada , is a town and seat of Zanda County , Ngari Prefecture , in the west of Tibet Autonomous Region , People 's Republic of China .
The Tholing Monastery , established in 997 AD , is in the suburbs of the town , in the Grand canyon of the Langchen Tsangpo ( Sutlej River ) .
It was originally recorded and released as a single by American country artist Gail Davies .
" Break Away " was recorded at the " Emerald Sound Studio " in June 1984 , which is located in Nashville , Tennessee , United States .
Davies recorded her entire sixth studio album ( Where Is a Woman to Go ) during this session .
" Break Away " was released as the album 's fourth single in August 1985 via RCA Records .
The single was Davies ' final major hit on the latter chart .
Carl C. Anderson ( 1877 – 1912 ) , U.S. Representative from Ohio
Carl Anderson ( South Carolina politician ) , member of the South Carolina House of Representatives
On Your Mark is a song by the Japanese rock duo Chage & Aska .
The song was released in 1994 as part of the single Heart .
Originally written with Japanese lyrics an English language adaptation was created and released under the title Castles in the Air .
John Udell ( 22 June 1795 – 30 June 1874 ) was an American farmer and Baptist lay preacher who is primarily known for two detailed diaries he kept of his travels to California across the Great Plains of the United States .
After his fourth and final trip to California he remained there , settling in Solano County and later in Sonoma County .
His second diary , Journal of John Udell , Kept During a Trip Across the Plains , was first published in 1859 and is an account of his last trip to California as a member of the Rose - Baley Party .
The Bonaparte Pottery Archeological District is a nationally recognized historic district located in Bonaparte , Iowa , United States .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999 .
While modest in size compared with Red Wing Pottery in Minnesota and Western Stoneware in Illinois , Bonaparte Pottery was mid - sized operation associated with the pottery industry in Iowa .
The Des Moines River Valley had the greatest concentration of potteries in the state because of the abundant coal deposits located there .
The Workers Party ( WP ) was a Third Camp Trotskyist group in the United States .
It was founded in April 1940 by members of the Socialist Workers Party who opposed the Soviet invasion of Finland and Leon Trotsky 's belief that the USSR under Joseph Stalin was still innately proletarian , a " degenerated workers ' state . "
James William Murphy ( April 17 , 1858 – July 11 , 1927 ) was a U.S. Representative from Wisconsin .
Born in Platteville , Wisconsin in 1858 , Murphy graduated from the State Normal School ( now the University of Wisconsin – Platteville ) in 1873 and from the University of Michigan Law School in 1880 .
He practiced law in Platteville , and served as district attorney of Grant County , Wisconsin from 1887 to 1891 .
He was elected mayor of Platteville for a two - year term in 1904 , and was then elected to the United States House of Representatives as a Democrat in 1906 , defeating Joseph W. Babcock for the seat from Wisconsin 's 3rd congressional district .
Murphy served one term as part of the 60th United States Congress , but was defeated for reelection in 1908 by Arthur W. Kopp .
He ran unsuccessfully for Congress once more , in 1920 .
She was born as Elli L. Friedmann in Samorin , Czechoslovakia , She was 13 years old when she , her mother , father , aunt and brother Bubi , were taken to Ghetto Nagymagyar .
Eventually , they were transported to Auschwitz , the largest German concentration camp , where her brother and aunt were separated from Livia and her mother .
Bitton - Jackson came to the U.S. on a refugee boat in 1951 to join Bubi , who was studying in New York .
She then studied at New York University , from which she received a Ph.D. in Hebrew Culture and Jewish History .
Jordan , Ontario , is a community located on the eastern edge of the Town of Lincoln , in the Niagara Region .
Jordan is bordered by the Twenty Mile Creek and Vineland to the west , Lake Ontario to the north , St. Catharines to the east , and Pelham to the south .
Jordan is home to many wineries due to its climatically advantageous grape - growing conditions in the Niagara Region , and is one of the premier icewine - producing destinations in Canada .
Also located in Jordan is the Ball 's Falls Conservation Area , which is maintained by the Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority , and the home of the second - tallest waterfall in the Niagara Region .
The remains of this species were found in the Smoky Hill Chalk of the Niobrara Formation in Kansas , United States .
The type specimen of A. celer , YPM 1451 , was reportedly discovered by Othniel Charles Marsh in October 1872 at Butte Creek in Logan County , Kansas .
This location is now recognized as falling between Marker Units 15 and 19 of the Smoky Hill Chalk geological formation .
The Cannonsville Reservoir is a reservoir in Delaware County , New York , that was formed by the Cannonsville Dam at the west end of the reservoir , impounding over half of the West Branch of the Delaware River .
Printemps went on the stage in Paris at the age of 12 , and at 21 she was singled out by the actor , director and playwright Sacha Guitry as a leading lady .
In 1919 they were married , and worked closely together until 1932 , when they divorced .
Gaetano Cecere , ( November 26 , 1894 – 1985 ) American sculptor , born , educated and worked in New York City .
He studied with Hermon A MacNeil , with work in the Museum of Modern Art in New York City , and Gaetano , known as Guy attended the Beaux - Arts Institute of Design and the National Academy of Design .
Cecere has works collected by many major museums , from Classical to Contemporary , including the Smithsonian Institution , the " National Collection of Fine Arts " and the Archives of American Art " .
He was a member of the National Sculpture Society .
She was released on 22 May 2000 , when Israel pulled out of the south of Lebanon and the South Lebanon Army forces abandoned the Khiam prison .
Technique is the fifth studio album by English rock band New Order , released on 30 January 1989 by Factory Records .
The album was influenced by the then growing acid scene , and Sumner 's experiences in the 500 Club in New York and Shroom in London .
It was the first in a few of their albums where Peter Hook 's bass sound was predominant .
Technique was also New Order 's final studio album to be released under Factory Records ( though not their final Factory release , that being the following year 's " World in Motion " ) ; the label would declare bankruptcy in 1992 following a severe financial downturn caused primarily by the significant commercial failure of Happy Mondays ' Yes Please !
Technique was the first New Order album to reach number one on the UK charts , and " Fine Time " , the first single from the album , reached number 11 .
Remixed versions of " Round & Round " and " Run " were also released as singles .
Dany Morin ( born December 19 , 1985 ) is a Canadian businessman and former politician , who served in the House of Commons of Canada from 2011 to 2015 .
He represented the electoral district of Chicoutimi — Le Fjord as a member of the New Democratic Party .
He served as the NDP associate critic for lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , and transsexual issues , alongside lead critic Randall Garrison .
Morin was defeated in the 2015 election by Liberal Denis Lemieux .
The Technical University of Madrid or sometimes called Polytechnic University of Madrid ( , UPM ) is a Spanish university , located in Madrid .
According to the annual university ranking conducted by El Mundo , the Technical University of Madrid ranks as the top technical university in Spain , and second overall .
The majority of its Engineering Schools are consistently ranked as leading academic institutions in Spain in their fields , and among the very best in Europe .
The UPM is part of the TIME network , which groups fifty engineering schools throughout Europe .
Standardized prayer such as is done today is non - existent , though beginning in Deuteronomy , the Bible lays the groundwork for organized prayer , including basic liturgical guidelines , and by the Bible 's later books , prayer has evolved to a more standardized form , although still radically different from the form practiced by modern Jews .
" Nisei " is the ninth episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series The X - Files .
It was directed by David Nutter , and written by Chris Carter , Frank Spotnitz and Howard Gordon .
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X - Files .
In this episode , Mulder and Scully investigate the origins of an alien autopsy Mulder believes is real .
The investigation uncovers Japanese involvement and sees Mulder smuggle himself onto a secret cargo train to find out more .
" Nisei " is a two - part episode , with the plot continuing in the next episode , " 731 " .
Teatrul Evreiesc de Stat ( TES , the State Jewish Theater ) in Bucharest , Romania is a theater specializing in Jewish - related plays .
The Zlatni Rat , often referred to as the Golden Cape or Golden Horn ( translated from the local Chakavian dialect ) , is a spit of land located about west from the harbour town of Bol on the southern coast of the Croatian island of Brač , in the region of Dalmatia .
It extends southward into the Hvar Channel , a body of water in the Adriatic Sea between the islands of Brač and Hvar , which is home to strong currents .
Zlatni Rat has been regularly listed as one of the top beaches in Europe .
Its distinctive shape can be seen in many travel brochures , which made it one of the symbols of Croatian tourism .
The discography of Mötley Crüe , a heavy metal band from Los Angeles , California , consists of nine studio albums , two live albums , three EPs , six compilation albums , three box sets , nine DVD , 30 singles , and 31 music videos .
Mötley Crüe were an American heavy metal band formed in Los Angeles , California in 1981 .
Mötley Crüe has sold more than 100 million copies worldwide , including 25 million in the US .
Their ninth studio album entitled Saints of Los Angeles was released on June 24 , 2008 .
Doctors to Be is a biographical documentary series that was first broadcast on BBC Two by BBC Television and is also the name of a book , published by BBC Books , that accompanies the series .
An update , , was first broadcast on BBC Four in 2007 .
The BBC selected St Mary 's Hospital Medical School , London , England , partly because the dean , Prof Peter Richards , was enthusiastic about filming and thought that medical education was of public interest .
Luciano Pigozzi , also known professionally as Alan Collins ( 10 January 1927 – 14 June 2008 ) , was an Italian character actor .
Born in Novellara , province of Reggio Emilia , in Italy ; he appeared in more than one hundred films between 1954 and 1989 , including many 1960s Italian thrillers such as Terror - Creatures from the Grave , Werewolf in a Girls ' Dormitory and The Whip and the Body .
Vietnam Era is a term used by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs to classify veterans of the Vietnam War .
The date August 5 , 1964 is significant because it was the day of the start of U.S. bombing of North Vietnam at the Gulf of Tonkin .
Vera Ilyinichna Matveyeva ( , 1945 - 1976 ) was a Russian poet and singer - songwriter .
Matveyeva was born in Kuybyshevka - Vostochnaya in the east of Russia on 23 October 1945 .
Her father was a military officer , and the family moved along the country , settling in the 1950s in Khimki near Moscow .
She graduated from high school in 1963 , starting occasional jobs and travelling around Russia .
In 1965 , Matveyeva enrolled in Moscow Institute of Construction Engineering , graduating in 1970 .
At the time , the author song was popular in the Soviet Union .
It was noted , however , that since she has written many of her songs where she was already terminally ill , they are different from the mainstream Soviet author song and are characterized by a greater openness .
In 1999 , he was awarded the Padma Vibhushan , the second highest civilian honour given by the Government of India .
In January 1977 , after delivering the Habeas Corpus judgement , he was superseded for the post of Chief Justice by Justice M. H. Beg at the behest of the then Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi , despite being the senior - most judge in the Supreme Court and as a result of this , he promptly resigned from the court .
Khanna had previously authored the basic structure doctrine of the Constitution of India in Kesavananda Bharati v. State of Kerala , which curtailed Parliament 's seemingly unfettered amending power under article 368 , restricting its scope of amendment in areas which were part of the Constitution 's " basic structure " .
After resigning from the Supreme Court on getting superseded by Justice M. H. Beg to the office of the Chief Justice of India , he served as the central minister of law and justice for a very short period and was later made a combined opposition - sponsored candidate for election as President in 1982 , losing to Zail Singh .
The Young Ones is a video game based on the British comedy television series , The Young Ones .
The player can choose to play as either Vyvyan , Rick , Neil , or Mike to explore the house and enter different rooms .
The game was published by Orpheus Software , based in Hatley St George in Bedfordshire , UK .
The characters of The Young Ones were licensed from the owners of the BBC television series , Ben Elton , Rik Mayall , and Lise Mayer .
Due to difficulty in licensing the original series music from the BBC , an alternative music sound track was commissioned to sound similar to the original theme .
Over 10,000 copies of the game were sold , mainly through Boots stores , Woolworths and independent computer stores .
The Wigram Baronetcy , of Walthamstow House in the County of Essex , is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom .
It was created on 30 October 1805 for Robert Wigram .
He was a successful merchant and also represented Fowey and Wexford Borough in the House of Commons .
The second Baronet also represented Wexford Borough in Parliament .
He assumed in 1832 by Royal licence the surname of Fitzwygram .
The fourth Baronet was a Lieutenant - General in the army and sat as a Conservative Member of Parliament for South Hampshire and Fareham .
Sir Joseph Wigram , James Wigram , Joseph Cotton Wigram , Loftus Wigram and George Wigram , younger sons of the first Baronet , all gained distinction .
Clive Wigram , 1st Baron Wigram , was the grandson of Reverend William Pitt Wigram , ninth and youngest son of the first Baronet .
WCBS - FM ( 101.1 FM ) is a radio station offering a classic hits format licensed to New York City and is owned and operated by Entercom .
The station 's studios are in the combined Entercom facility in the Hudson Square neighborhood of Manhattan , and its transmitter is located at the Empire State Building .
WCBS - FM was one of the first notable oldies stations in the country , with the format dating back to July 7 , 1972 .
The station is continually ranked one of the highest - rated stations in the New York market , as well as one of the highest - rated classic hits stations in the United States .
Malaysians in the United Kingdom are British citizens who have full or partial Malaysian origin or descent and Malaysian citizens residing in the United Kingdom .
The 2001 UK Census recorded 49,886 Malaysian - born people .
The 2011 census recorded 62,396 people born in Malaysia living in England , 2,117 in Wales , 4,721 in Scotland and 705 in Northern Ireland .
The largest concentrations of Malaysian - born residents were recorded in Greater London ( 21,209 people ) and South East England ( 11,331 ) .
Boom Blox Bash Party , Boom Blox Smash Party in non - English territories , is a physics - based puzzle video game developed by EA Los Angeles and Amblin Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts for the Wii video game console .
As of April 2012 , EA has shut down the online servers , meaning players can no longer upload and download user created games .
It was created as part of a deal between Electronic Arts and Steven Spielberg to make three original properties , though it does not count as one of the three original properties .
Kristian Matsson ( born 30 April 1983 ) is a singer - songwriter from Dalarna , Sweden , who performs under the stage name of The Tallest Man on Earth .
He was previously married to Amanda Bergman , also known by the stage name Idiot Wind .
Together , they wrote the music for the Swedish drama film Once a Year .
West Sister Island is an island of the U.S. state of Ohio located in the Western Basin of Lake Erie .
The island , jointly owned by the United States Coast Guard and the U.S.
Fish and Wildlife Service , is Ohio 's only designated Wilderness Area , the West Sister Island National Wildlife Refuge .
The island is part of the Pelee Archipelago which also includes East Sister Island and Middle Sister Island ( both in Ontario , Canada ) .
West Sister Island is roughly 13 miles west of Rattlesnake Island , 14.5 miles east of Turtle Island , and 8.75 miles due north of the Ohio mainland .
The Bang Bang Club was a group of four conflict photographers active within the townships of South Africa between 1990 and 1994 , during the transition from the apartheid system to democracy .
This period included much factional violence , particularly fighting between ANC and IFP supporters , after the lifting of the bans on both political parties .
Ger or Gur ( or Gerrer when used as an adjective ) is a Hasidic dynasty originating from Góra Kalwaria ( ) , a small town in Poland .
Today , the movement is based in Jerusalem , and its membership is estimated at 13,000 families , most of whom live in Israel , making Ger the largest Hasidic dynasty in Israel .
However , there are also well - established Ger communities in Brooklyn , New York , and London , UK ; and minor Ger communities in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , and Los Angeles , California .
The Alliance ( ) , formerly the Alliance for Sweden ( Allians för Sverige ) , is a centre - right liberal conservative political alliance in Sweden .
The Alliance consists of the four centre - right political parties in the Riksdag .
The Alliance was formed while in opposition , and later achieved a majority government in the 2006 general election and a minority government in the 2010 general election , governing Sweden from 2006 to 2014 with Fredrik Reinfeldt of the Moderate Party serving as Prime Minister of Sweden until the 2014 general election .
After defeat in 2014 , the Moderate Party 's parliamentary group leader Anna Kinberg Batra announced to the Riksdag that the political alliance now " will operate in opposition " .
Strathcona is a residential neighbourhood in south central Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
It is a part of , and should not be confused with , Old Strathcona , although much of the Strathcona neighbourhood is in Old Strathcona .
The neighbourhood overlooks both the North Saskatchewan River and the Mill Creek Ravine .
The neighbourhood of Strathcona is bounded on the south by Whyte Avenue , on the north by Saskatchewan Drive , on the west by 107 Street , and on the east by Mill Creek Ravine .
Its central location provides good access to downtown Edmonton , Whyte Avenue , the Queen Elizabeth Pool , and other areas of the city .
The community is represented by the Strathcona Community League , established in 1918 , which maintains a community hall , outdoor rink and tennis courts located at 101 Street and 87 Avenue .
The Korea Vision Party ( , Gungmin Saenggak , " National Thought " ) , more commonly known as the K Party , is a center - rightist political party in South Korea .
There are concerns that the K Party will split the conservative vote , though Park Se - il met with Saenuri leader Park Geun - hye on 23 February , with Park Geun - hye commenting that " If a party holds the same values and orientation , we are open to partnering " .
In an opinion poll conducted on 24–25 February 2012 , the K Party received a support level of 1.4 % , out - ranking the more established New Progressive Party .
Analysts have nonetheless raised questions over the ability of the party to secure seats , even if sitting Assembly members do defect .
The party has attempted to court defecting members of the larger Saenuri Party in the run - up to the 2012 Assembly elections , with a particular focus on loyalists of Lee Myung - bak who have been alienated by the rise of Park Geun - hye .
Commentators have speculated that pro - Lee lawmakers such as Lee Jae - oh may defect to the K Party en masse , and on March 9 , 2012 , the former Saenuri Party politician Jeon Yeo - ok defected to the K Party and became its first lawmaker .
Recharge has been described as " one of the most authoritative publications in the renewable energy sector " , and as " a role model for the future of trade journalism " by German industrial giant Siemens .
Its breaking stories have been picked up by major international news organizations , including the BBC , The Washington Post and Denmark 's Dagbladet Børsen .
Renzo Andrés Reggiardo Barreto ( born in Lima , 1 July 1972 ) is a Peruvian politician ( Cambio 90 ) and a Congressman representing Lima .
Renzo Reggiardo is the son of the Italo - Peruvian , executive fujimorist politician Andrés Reggiardo .
He joined his father 's party Cambio 90 and served as National secretary of its youth branch from 2006 to 2010 .
In 2006 , Reggiardo was elected to the Congress for the 2006 - 2011 term on the fujimorist Alliance for the Future list .
When the ex - president 's daughter Keiko Fujimori decided to form a new party , Fuerza 2011 , to promote her presidential candidacy in 2011 , Reggiardo did not follow .
Instead , he added what was left of Cambio 90 to the National Solidarity Alliance and endorsed Luis Castañeda for presidency .
" ( We 've Got ) Honey Love " is a 1967 song by Motown girl group The Velvelettes that later became a 1969 single released by another Motown girl group Martha and the Vandellas from their album " Ridin ' High " released in 1968 .
It was the group 's sixth record where they were listed as Martha Reeves and the Vandellas following the successful " Honey Chile " single two years earlier .
The Velvelettes , meanwhile , had recorded two versions of the song ( one led by the group 's lead singer , Carolyn ' Cal ' Gill , the other is a rear lead for then group member - and future Vandella - Sandra Tilley ) , both of which would go unreleased for almost 40 years .
Cassandra is known in Greek mythology , as the daughter of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy .
With songwriting partner Leslie Bricusse , Newley penned " Feeling Good " , which was popularised by Nina Simone and covered by many other popular artists ; as well as the title song of 1964 film Goldfinger ( along with John Barry ) .
Sporhase v. Nebraska ex rel .
Douglas , 458 U.S. 941 ( 1982 ) , was a case in which the United States Supreme Court decided that a Nebraska statute forbidding commercial exportation of water from Nebraska was unconstitutional in that it violated the dormant commerce clause .
The boundary between the states of Nebraska and Colorado passed through a farm owned by Sporhase .
Under the 11th Amendment , he could not sue the state of Nebraska in a federal district court ; consequently his suit had to proceed in the state courts in Nebraska until he petitioned the United States Supreme Court to review it .
He later worked as a diver and photographer for the Sandy Hook Marine Laboratories in New Jersey and spent much of his youth in the Caribbean as a teenage dive instructor in the Bahamas where he found his motivation to capture the beauty of the sea and everything in it .
Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by Haitian rapper Wyclef Jean , released on October 7 , 2003 .
Released just a month prior to his fourth studio album , The Preacher 's Son , Greatest Hits contains singles taken from Jean 's first three studio albums : The Carnival , and Masquerade , as well as other fan - favourite tracks from those albums , alongside two - newly recorded tracks : " Ghetto Religion " , a collaboration with R. Kelly , and " Hey Girl " .
The album also contains " No Woman , No Cry " , a track taken from The Fugees ' second studio album , The Score .
Notably , Greatest Hits would be Jean 's last release on Columbia Records until in 2007 .
A deluxe edition of the album , released in the UK and Australia , contains a bonus disc with remixes of some of Wyclef 's biggest hits , including collaborations with Canibus , R. Kelly , Xzibit , King Yellowman and Beenie Man .
Although no singles were officially released from the album , " Ghetto Religion " was serviced as a US - radio only airplay single in September 2003 .
Notably , " Pussycat " , which samples the original by Tom Jones , is the only single from the first three albums to omitted from the tracklisting .
The US edition of the album removes a number of notable singles , and shortens the tracklisting by four tracks .
" Diallo " and " Something About Mary " from are included on this version .
Johan Erhard Areschoug ( Johannes Erhard Areschoug , Philos .
Doctor , Botanices et Oeconomiae ) ( 16 September 1811 – 7 May 1887 ) was a Swedish botanist who was a native of Göteborg .
The Book of Abraham is an 1835 work produced by the Latter Day Saints ( LDS ) movement founder Joseph Smith that he said was based on Egyptian papyri purchased from a traveling mummy exhibition .
University of Chicago Egyptologist Robert K. Ritner concluded in 2014 that the source of the Book of Abraham " is the ' Breathing Permit of Hôr , ' misunderstood and mistranslated by Joseph Smith . "
He later said the Book of Abraham is now " confirmed as a perhaps well - meaning , but erroneous invention by Joseph Smith , " and " despite its inauthenticity as a genuine historical narrative , the Book of Abraham remains a valuable witness to early American religious history and to the recourse to ancient texts as sources of modern religious faith and speculation . "
Non - LDS Egyptologists , beginning in the late-19th century , have heavily criticized Joseph Smith 's explanations of the facsimiles , with many stating that his interpretations are entirely inaccurate .
" Vital Signs " is a song by progressive rock trio Rush from their album Moving Pictures .
These influences would carry on into their next three studio albums : Signals , Grace Under Pressure , and Power Windows .
The song was released as the final single from the Moving Pictures album .
Also , a live version of " Vital Signs " appeared as the B - side to Rush 's " New World Man " single in 1982 ( Mercury # 76179 , US edition ) .
It has appeared in Rush 's set lists as recently as the 2010 - 2011 Time Machine Tour ( documented on ) , during which Moving Pictures was played in its entirety .
Letters from the Earth is a posthumously published work of celebrated American author Mark Twain ( 1835 – 1910 ) collated by Bernard DeVoto .
It comprises essays written during a difficult time in Twain 's life ( 1904 – 09 ) , when he was deeply in debt and had recently lost his wife and one of his daughters .
The content concerns morality and religion and strikes a sarcastic — Twain 's own term throughout the book — tone .
Initially , another of his daughters , Clara Clemens , objected to its publication in March 1939 , probably because of its controversial and iconoclastic views on religion , claiming it presented a " distorted " view of her father .
Louis - Arsène Lavallée ( 2 February 1861 at Berthier - en - Haut , Province of Canada – 19 November 1936 at Montreal ) was a Mayor of Montreal , Canada .
His education was first at the Collège de Joliette , then at Université Laval 's Montreal campus for law studies ( which is today the Université de Montréal ) .
Lavallée worked with Hormidas Laporte to create the Alliance Nationale insurance company in 1892 .
After an unsuccessful campaign at the St. James riding in the 1896 federal election , Lavallée became a Montreal local councillor , since 1900 for the Saint - Jacques ward then in 1904 at La Fontaine ward .
During his local political career , Lavallée promoted consolidation and amalgamation of municipalities towards a larger Montreal government and saw annexation of municipalities such as Côte - des - Neiges during that time .
The University of Manitoba ( U of M , UMN , or UMB ) is a public university in the province of Manitoba , Canada .
Located in Winnipeg and founded in 1877 , it was Western Canada 's first university .
It is the largest university both by total student enrollment and campus area in the province of Manitoba , and the 17th largest in all of Canada .
The university 's raised admissions standards , wide array of professional disciplines , and global outreach have resulted in one of the most diverse student bodies in Western Canada .
, there have been 98 Rhodes Scholars from the University of Manitoba , more than from any other university in Western Canada .
Chariot is a co - op platform game for the PlayStation 4 , PlayStation 3 , Xbox One , Wii U and Microsoft Windows developed and published by Frima Studio , with the participation of the Canada Media Fund .
To do so , the players have to use physics - based mechanics such as pushing and pulling , adding a layer of Puzzle to the game .
" Can You Keep a Secret ? "
is a song by Hikaru Utada , released as her seventh Japanese - language single ( 9th overall ) on February 16 , 2001 .
Utada performed " Can You Keep a Secret ? "
In January 1983 , Newton and five of his soldiers received death sentences by a Dominica court for organising and participating in the failed 1981 coup that was aimed at overthrowing Prime Minister Eugenia Charles .
The five soldiers ' sentences were eventually commuted to life imprisonment , but in 1986 , Newton became the first person to be executed by Dominica since its independence from the United Kingdom when he was hanged in Roseau .
He is the only person to have been executed by Dominica as an independent state .
Dollar diplomacy of the United States — particularly during President William Howard Taft 's term— was a form of American foreign policy to further its aims in Latin America and East Asia through use of its economic power by guaranteeing loans made to foreign countries .
However , under Taft , the State Department was more active than ever in encouraging and supporting American bankers and industrialists in securing new opportunities abroad .
Gordon , or " Whipped Peter " ( fl .
1863 ) , was an enslaved African American who escaped from a Louisiana plantation in March 1863 , gaining freedom when he reached the Union camp near Baton Rouge .
Abolitionists distributed these carte de visite photographs of Gordon throughout the United States and internationally to show the abuses of slavery .
In July 1863 these images appeared in an article about Gordon published in Harper 's Weekly , the most widely read journal during the Civil War .
The pictures of Gordon 's scourged back provided Northerners with visual evidence of brutal treatment of slaves and inspired many free blacks to enlist in the Union Army .
Gordon joined the United States Colored Troops soon after their founding , and served as a soldier in the war .
Sun Meiyao ( simplified Chinese : 孙美瑶 ; traditional Chinese : 孫美搖 ; pinyin : Sūn Měiyáo ; 1898 - 19 December 1923 ) leader of the Shandong Autonomous Army ( 山東自治軍 : pinyin ; Shāndōng zìzhì jūn ) , also known as the Shandong Outlaws ( 山東響馬 ) , a group of bandits operating in Jiangsu , Anhui , and Shandong provinces in the early 1920s .
The incident , which became known as the Lincheng Outrage , embarrassed China 's fragile republican government , forcing it to respond to demands of western governments that it increase security along the country 's extensive rail network and pay compensation and indemnities to western hostages .
He is alleged to have been the ringleader of a cell tasked with killing Lars Vilks , a Swedish artist , some Muslims accused of blasphemy for having drawn the Islamic prophet Muhammad in a cartoon .
The song was performed eighth on the night , following Sweden 's Christer Björkman with " I morgon är en annan dag " and preceding Cyprus ' Evridiki with " Teriazoume " .
The crested serpent eagle ( Spilornis cheela ) is a medium - sized bird of prey that is found in forested habitats across tropical Asia .
Within its widespread range across the Indian Subcontinent , Southeast Asia and East Asia , there are considerable variations and some authorities prefer to treat several of its subspecies as completely separate species .
Joan Winifred Cribb (; born 1930 ) is an Australian botanist and mycologist .
She was born in Brisbane , Queensland , the daughter of botanist Desmond Herbert .
She married fellow botanist Alan Cribb in 1954 , and several years later joined him at the University of Queensland as a part - time lecturer and tutor .
For over 45 years Joan Cribb travelled over Queensland discovering and recording gasteromycetes .
She and her husband also investigated algae - inhabiting fungi found in marine habitats and have recorded occurrences of freshwater fungi in Queensland waterways .
The Inventions and Sinfonias , BWV 772–801 , also known as the Two- and Three - Part Inventions , are a collection of thirty short keyboard compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach ( 1685 – 1750 ) : 15 inventions , which are two - part contrapuntal pieces , and 15 sinfonias , which are three - part contrapuntal pieces .
They were originally written as musical exercises for his students .
Bach titled the collection : Forthright instruction , wherewith lovers of the clavier , especially those desirous of learning , are shown in a clear way not only 1 ) to learn to play two voices clearly , but also after further progress 2 ) to deal correctly and well with three obbligato parts , moreover at the same time to obtain not only good ideas , but also to carry them out well , but most of all to achieve a cantabile style of playing , and thereby to acquire a strong foretaste of composition .
The Telegraph - Journal is a daily newspaper published in Saint John , New Brunswick , Canada .
It serves as both a provincial daily and as a local newspaper for Saint John .
The Telegraph - Journal is the only New Brunswick - based newspaper to be distributed province - wide and has the highest readership in the province at a weekly circulation of 233,549 and a daily readership of over 75,000 .
Brunswick News also publishes a series of editions of regional news , including editions in Fredericton and Moncton under the titles “ Daily Gleaner ” and “ Times & Transcript ” , respectively .
The Public Execution of Mister Personality / Quasi Day Room : Live at the Moore Theatre is a 2006 double album by Boulder , Colorado - based avant - rock , experimental and folk jazz music group Hamster Theatre , led by Dave Willey .
It was released in the United States by Cuneiform Records , and consists of a studio CD ( The Public Execution of Mister Personality ) and a live CD ( Quasi Day Room : Live at the Moore Theatre ) , the latter recorded at the 2002 Progman Cometh Festival in Seattle , Washington .
The studio disc contains new material , while the live disc includes music from Hamster Theatre 's earlier albums , Carnival Detournement and Siege on Hamburger City , and Willey 's solo album , Songs from the Hamster Theatre .
A private company limited by shares is a class of private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales , Scotland , certain Commonwealth countries , and the Republic of Ireland .
Private companies limited by shares are usually required to have the suffix " Limited " ( often written " Ltd " or " Ltd. " ) or " Incorporated " ( " Inc. " ) as part of their name , though the latter can not be used in the UK or the Republic of Ireland .
" Cyfyngedig " ( " Cyf . " )
In the Republic of Ireland " Teoranta " ( " Teo . " )
Sivas ( Latin and Greek : Sebastia , Sebastea , Sebasteia , Sebaste , Σεβάστεια , Σεβαστή ; ) is a city in central Turkey and the seat of Sivas Province .
The city , which lies at an elevation of in the broad valley of the Kızılırmak river , is a moderately - sized trade center and industrial city , although the economy has traditionally been based on agriculture .
The surrounding region is a cereal - producing area with large deposits of iron ore which are worked at Divriği .
With the development of railways , the city gained new economic importance as junction of important rail lines linking the cities of Ankara , Kayseri , Samsun , and Erzurum .
The city is linked by air to Istanbul .
Cleft of the Rock Light is a privately owned lighthouse located on the Pacific coast of the U.S. state of Oregon , south of Yachats on Cape Perpetua .
It was built in 1976 by former Tillamook Rock Light attendant and lighthouse historian James A. Gibbs who was active in preserving the lantern room of Smith Island Light .
Cleft of the Rock Light is designed after Fiddle Reef Light , which operated from 1898 to 1958 in Oak Bay , British Columbia , a suburb of Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
The Cleft 's tower contains a stair railing from the original keeper 's dwelling at Yaquina Head Light .
Other historic items include a stopwatch from Desdemona Sands Light , two brass oil cans from Tillamook Rock Light and Heceta Head Light , and a crank handle which wound the weights at Point Sur Light .
The Coast Guard made it an official navigational marker in 1979 .
The grounds and tower are closed to the public , however they are visible from U.S. Route 101 near mile marker 166 .
It is just outside the northwest corner of the Cape Perpetua National Scenic Area .
Wandering As Water is Chris Brokaw 's second solo album , the follow - up to 2002 's Red Cities .
Recorded by Paul Q. Kolderie on February 24 , 2003 at Camp Street , Cambridge , Massachusetts , Wandering As Water was released in mid-2003 by Return To Sender Records in Germany .
Reviewing Wandering As Water , Pitchfork called it " [ o]ne of the most overlooked gems of the past year [ 2003 ] " , going on to assert that Brokaw 's " acuity with control and complexity creates a subtle , unspoken poetry . "
" Shoot Me First " , " Recidivist " , and " German Song " were written and first recorded by Brokaw 's previous band , Come , whilst " Embryonic Journey " was composed by Jorma Kaukonen and originally performed by Jefferson Airplane .
She currently lives in Cape Town , South Africa and runs the non - profit animal rescue organization she co - started in 2001 , Animal Avengers .
Lloyd Morey ( January 15 , 1886 – September 29 , 1965 ) was an American educator and interim Illinois Auditor of Public Accounts ( 1956 – 1957 )
Born in Laddonia , Missouri , Morey went to the Gem City Business College in Quincy , Illinois .
He then received his bachelor 's degrees in English and music from University of Illinois at Urbana – Champaign .
He worked at the University of Illinois as a bookkeeper , comptroller and eventually became President of the University of Illinois System in 1954 retiring in 1955 .
In July 1956 , the Governor of Illinois named Morey Illinois Auditor of Public Accounts and he served until January 1956 .
Morey died in Champaign , Illinois of a heart attack on September 29 , 1965 .
" Fall Dog Bombs the Moon " is a song written by David Bowie in 2003 for his album Reality .
Basically , Kellogg Brown & Root got the job of cleaning up Iraq .
The album was recorded during the preamble to , and the prosecution of , the Iraq War , and it 's impossible to hear lyrics like ' I do n't care much , I 'll win anyway ... /I'm goddamn rich , an exploding man / When I talk in the night , there 's oil on my hands ' without pondering their most obvious resonance .
Pegg concludes writing that the song cocks a " contemptuous at the increasing predilection of political parties to find ' someone to hate ' while jumping into bed with business corporations " and that dialogue with other Bowie 's songs like " Fantastic Voyage " , " Loving the Alien " and " I 'm Afraid of Americans " .
" Fall Dog Bombs the Moon " is based on short melodic motives , the kind that seemed to permeate his previous album , Heathen .
Linda Karen Reynolds , ( born 16 May 1965 ) is an Australian politician .
She was elected to the Australian Senate representing the state of Western Australia at the 2013 federal election for the term which began 1 July 2014 .
Reynolds was elected by being third on the Liberal Senate ticket but her place in the Senate was in doubt after the High Court ordered a fresh half - Senate election in Western Australia as a result of missing ballot papers .
However , Reynolds was re - elected and her Senate term commenced on 1 July 2014 .
Reynolds was the deputy director of the Federal Liberal Party of Australia , brigadier and adjutant general in the Australian Army Reserve and a chief of staff to Senator Chris Ellison .
She was awarded the Conspicuous Service Cross in the 2011 Australia Day Honours for " outstanding achievement as the Director of Army Strategic Reform Program coordination " .
She is a granddaughter of Alfred Reynolds , a former Labor Party member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly .
Prince Frederick , Duke of York and Albany ( Frederick Augustus ; 16 August 1763 – 5 January 1827 ) was the second son of George III , King of the United Kingdom and Hanover , and his consort Charlotte of Mecklenburg - Strelitz .
From the death of his father in 1820 until his own death in 1827 he was the heir presumptive to his elder brother , George IV , in both the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Kingdom of Hanover .
Miss Little Havana is a studio album by Cuban - American recording artist Gloria Estefan .
The singer 's first English - language album since 2003 's Unwrapped and her twenty - sixth overall , it was released on September 27 , 2011 on Crescent Moon Records , distributed by Verve Forecast and Universal Music Group .
The project was largely conceived and produced by urban producer Pharrell Williams , while Estefan 's husband Emilio Estefan contributed another four tracks to the album .
In the US , the album was released only through Target stores .
Preceding the album 's release , lead single " Wepa " was released for digital download in July 2011 , and reached the top of the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart .
United Sound Systems is a recording studio and locally designated historic district in Detroit , Michigan , United States .
Many popular music artists over the last seventy years have recorded there , including blues musicians like John Lee Hooker ( he recorded " Boogie Chillen ' " there ) , and funk bands like Funkadelic .
The studio was also the site of the first recording for Berry Gordy 's Tamla label in 1959 , starting what would become Motown Records .
The building is threatened by a planned highway service drive expansion by the Michigan Department of Transportation .
It was designated a local historic district by the City of Detroit in 2015 .
Script for a Jester 's Tear is the debut studio album by British neo - progressive rock band Marillion , released in the United Kingdom on 13 March 1983 by EMI Records .
The album reached number seven and spent 31 weeks in the UK Albums Chart , eventually achieving a platinum certificate , and produced the Top 40 single " He Knows You Know " and the Top 20 single " Garden Party " .
Script for a Jester 's Tear is the only studio album by Marillion to feature the band 's original drummer and founding member Mick Pointer , who was dismissed following the album 's UK tour .
All I Want for Christmas Is a Real Good Tan is the first Christmas album by country music singer Kenny Chesney , released on October 7 , 2003 .
" Christmas in Dixie " was originally recorded by Alabama and features Alabama 's lead singer , Randy Owen , as a duet partner .
" Thank God for Kids " was previously recorded by The Oak Ridge Boys ( and originally by Eddy Raven ) , while " Pretty Paper " was originally recorded by Willie Nelson .
" Do n't Ask Me Why " is a 1989 song recorded by the British pop music duo Eurythmics .
The song was featured on Eurythmics ' album We Too Are One .
The song 's music video , directed by Sophie Muller , features a performance by Eurythmics with various members of a backing band .
" Do n't Ask Me Why " peaked at number twenty - five in the UK singles chart and became Eurythmics ' last U.S.
Conrad Indianapolis is a high - rise luxury hotel in Indianapolis , Indiana .
Conrad Hotels is the luxury brand of Hilton Hotels & Resorts , and the Conrad Indianapolis is one of four Conrad Hotels in the United States , the other three being located in Miami , Chicago and New York City .
In 2007 and 2008 , Conde Nast Traveler ranked Conrad Indianapolis in the top 100 in the world , and Expedia Insiders’ 2009 Select list of the world 's best hotels named Conrad as number one in the United States .
Hangzhou ( Mandarin : ; local dialect : /ɦɑŋ tseɪ/ ) formerly romanized as Hangchow , is the capital and most populous city of Zhejiang Province in East China .
It sits at the head of Hangzhou Bay , which separates Shanghai and Ningbo .
Hangzhou grew to prominence as the southern terminus of the Grand Canal and has been one of the most renowned and prosperous cities in China for much of the last millennium .
The city 's West Lake , a UNESCO World Heritage Site immediately west of the city , is among its best - known attractions .
Hangzhou is classified as a sub - provincial city and forms the core of the Hangzhou metropolitan area , the fourth - largest in China .
It will be the third Chinese city to play host to the Asian Games after Beijing 1990 and Guangzhou 2010 .
Hangzhou , an emerging technology hub and home to the e - commerce giant Alibaba , also hosted the eleventh G-20 summit in 2016 .
The Istro - Romanian language ( Istro - Romanian : Rumârește ) is an Eastern Romance language , spoken in a few villages and hamlets in the peninsula of Istria in Croatia , as well as in diaspora , most notably in Italy , Sweden , Germany , Northern and Southern America , and Australia .
Due to the fact that its speakers are estimated to be less than 500 ( the " smallest ethnic group in Europe " ) , it is listed among languages that are " seriously endangered " in the UNESCO Red Book of Endangered Languages .
It is also considered by some Romanian scholars as a dialect of the Romanian language .
Dow v Black is a Canadian constitutional law court decision .
It was one of the first major cases examining in detail the division of powers between the federal Parliament and the provincial Legislatures , set out in s. 91 and s. 92 of the Constitution Act , 1867 ( formerly known as the British North America Act , 1867 ) .
The case was decided by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council , at that time the court of last resort for Canada within the British Empire , on appeal from the Supreme Court of New Brunswick .
The case considered the constitutionality of a provincial statute which authorised the inhabitants of the parish of St. Stephen , New Brunswick to issue a debenture as an inducement to a railway company to build a railway connecting an 8-mile section from Debec , New Brunswick to the town of Houlton , Maine , in the United States .
The Judicial Committee allowed an appeal from the Supreme Court of New Brunswick and held that the legislation was within provincial jurisdiction as a matter of local taxation , coming under sections 92(2 ) and 92(16 ) of the Constitution Act , 1867 .
The statute did not intrude on federal jurisdiction over inter - jurisdictional railways , under s. 91(29 ) and s. 92(10 ) of the Constitution Act , 1867 .
The Vilayet of Diyâr - ı Bekr ( , ) was a first - level administrative division ( vilayet ) of the Ottoman Empire , wholly located within what is now modern Turkey .
The vilayet extended south from Palu on the Euphrates to Mardin and Nusaybin on the edge of the Mesopotamian plain .
After the establishment of Republic of Turkey in 1923 , the region was incorporated into the newly created state .
At the beginning of the 20th century , it reportedly had an area of , while the preliminary results of the first Ottoman census of 1885 ( published in 1908 ) gave the population as 471,462 .
Vudu , Inc. is an American content delivery and media technology company responsible for Vudu - branded interactive media services and devices .
Vudu was acquired by Walmart in March 2010 .
Bovet Fleurier SA is a Swiss brand of luxury watchmakers chartered May 1 , 1822 in London , U.K. by Édouard Bovet .
Bovet watches were also among the first to include a second hand while the company has a tradition of employing women artisans , which is rare for traditional watch making companies in Europe .
Gloppen is a municipality in the county of Sogn og Fjordane , Norway .
It is located in the traditional district of Nordfjord .
Gloppen is generally subdivided into three areas : Hyen in the west , Gloppen in the center , and Breim in the east .
Sandane , the administrative centre of the municipality , is the largest with about 2,500 inhabitants .
Sandane , Vereide , and Sørstranda are centered on the Gloppefjorden in Gloppen in the central part of the municipality .
The villages of Byrkjelo , Re , Kandal , and Egge are centered on the lake Breimsvatnet in the Breim area in the east .
The villages of Straume , Eimhjellen , and Solheim are located around the Hyefjorden in Hyen in the west .
The whole municipality sits on the southern side of the large Nordfjorden .
The European route E39 highway runs through the municipality before crossing the Nordfjorden on a car ferry .
The Sandane Airport , Anda is located along the E39 highway , just north of Vereide .
The municipality is the 105th largest by area out of the 422 municipalities in Norway .
Gloppen is the 180th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 5,783 .
The London Symphony Chorus ( abbreviated to LSC ) is a large symphonic concert choir based in London , UK , consisting of over 150 amateur singers , and is one of the major symphony choruses of the United Kingdom .
It was formed in 1966 as the LSO Chorus to complement the work of the London Symphony Orchestra ( LSO ) .
The LSC performs mainly with the LSO at the Barbican Centre in London as well as appearing at other concert venues around the UK and Europe and regularly at the Avery Fisher Hall , New York .
Traralgon ( ) is a city located in the east of the Latrobe Valley in the Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
The urban population of Traralgon at the was 25,485 .
It is the largest and fastest growing city in the greater Latrobe Valley area , which has a population of 74,170 at June 2016 and is administered by the City of Latrobe .
Alexander Alexandrovich Novikov (; – December 3 , 1976 ) was the Chief marshal of the aviation for the Soviet Air Force during Russia 's involvement in the Second World War .
Lauded as " the man who has piloted the Red Air Force through the dark days into the present limelight " and a " master of tactical air power " , he was twice given the title of Hero of the Soviet Union , as well as a number of other Soviet decorations .
A gifted air force commander and one of the leading men of the Soviet armed forces , Novikov was involved in nearly all exploits of the air force during World War II and was at the forefront of developments in command and control and of air combat techniques .
James Madison Porter ( January 6 , 1793 – November 11 , 1862 ) served as the 18th United States Secretary of War and was a founder of Lafayette College .
Porter began his career studying law in 1809 and later became a clerk in the prothonotary 's office in an effort to manage a volunteer militia company at Fort Mifflin .
Porter was admitted to the bar in 1813 and later appointed to attorney general for Northampton County , Pennsylvania .
He was a professor of jurisprudence and political economy at Lafayette College ( 1837 - 1852 ) , a judge of the twelfth judicial district ( 1839 ) , ad interim Secretary of War under President John Tyler ( 1843 ) , and was elected as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1849 .
Ludmila Peterková ( born 16 September 1967 in Karlovy Vary , Czech Republic ) is a Czech clarinetist .
Kaesong ( ) is a city in North Hwanghae Province in the southern part of North Korea , a former Directly Governed City and the capital of Korea during the Taebong kingdom and subsequent Goryeo dynasty .
The city is near the Kaesong Industrial Region close to the border with South Korea and contains the remains of the Manwoldae palace .
Called Songdo while it was the ancient capital of Goryeo , the city prospered as a trade centre that produced Korean ginseng .
Kaesong now functions as the DPRK 's light industry centre .
The 1953 Korean Armistice Agreement left the city under North Korean control .
It is the only city to have changed hands from South to North Korean control as a result of the armistice agreement .
Raymond Casimir ( born 28 October 1976 ) is a former Dominican cricketer who played for the Windward Islands in West Indian domestic cricket .
His first - class debut for the Windwards came almost six years later , against Jamaica in the 2007–08 Carib Beer Cup .
Casimir 's second and final match for the Windwards came the following season , against Trinidad and Tobago .
He also represented Dominica in the 2008 edition of the Stanford 20/20 , playing against the British Virgin Islands and Barbados .
Empress Dowager Zhang ( 張太后 , personal name unknown ) ( died 426 ) was an empress dowager of the Chinese dynasty Liu Song .
She was the mother of Emperor Shao ( Liu Yifu ) and a concubine of Emperor Wu ( Liu Yu ) .
In 406 , she gave birth to Liu Yifu , the oldest son of Liu Yu , who was then already a paramount general of Jin .
In 420 , after Liu Yu seized the throne from Emperor Gong of Jin and established Liu Song as its emperor , he created her an imperial consort , but not an empress , as she was not his wife .
He created her son Liu Yifu as crown prince .
After Emperor Wu died in 422 , Liu Yifu succeeded him as Emperor Shao , and Emperor Shao honored her as empress dowager .
In 424 , Emperor Shao was deposed by officials that Emperor Wu had left in charge of the government , who believed that he was unfit to be emperor , and soon they killed him .
They made his capable younger brother Liu Yilong , by a different mother , emperor ( as Emperor Wen ) instead .
Initially , Empress Dowager Zhang returned her empress dowager seal and moved to Wu Commandery ( around present - day Suzhou , Jiangsu ) , where her son was exiled and killed .
Founded during the summer of 2000 , the Planet of the Drums is the alliance of four of America 's most popular drum and bass DJ 's : AK1200 ( Dave Minner , Orlando , Florida ) , DJ Dara ( Darragh Guilfoyle , Brooklyn , New York ) , Dieselboy ( Damian Higgins , Brooklyn , New York ) , and MC Messinian ( James Fiorella , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) .
In 2010 The Planet of the Drums switched to performing one - offs , the first played at U Street Music Hall in Washington , DC in December 2010 .
Pretty Rhythm All - Star Selection is an anime television series produced by Tatsunoko Production based on the Japanese arcade game of the same name by Takara Tomy .
The story revolves a young girl named Laala Manaka , who desires to become an Idol .
To further her debut the best , the three main protagonists from the previous Pretty Rhythm series : Aira Harune , Mia Ageha , and Naru Ayase give her lessons about how to be the best Idol .
The successor series , PriPara showcases Laala as an Idol with two more idols named Mirei Minami and Sophy Hōjō .
The series aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between April 5 , 2014 and June 14 , 2014 , replacing Pretty Rhythm : Rainbow Live in its initial timeslot .
The Adäka Cultural Festival ( ' Adäka ' or ' Festival ' ) is an annual multi - disciplinary arts and culture festival in Whitehorse , Yukon that celebrates First Nations arts and culture , with a specific focus on Yukon First Nations .
' Adäka ' , in the Southern Tutchone language , means ' coming into the light ' which reflects the Yukon First Nations arts and culture being brought forward to the public eye and celebrated by all .
The Festival name was inspired by the work of Joe Johnson , the late father of Festival co - founder , Katie Johnson .
That conference brought the people of the Yukon together to identify areas of concern and exchange thoughts on heritage and culture in the Yukon .
The conference aimed to initiate dialogue between the two main Yukon cultures so that everyone could " come into the light " together .
The Adäka Cultural Festival has moved from an outdoor street location to the Kwanlin Dün Cultural Centre , ideally located beside the Yukon River in Whitehorse , Yukon .
YFNCT is a not - for - profit organization " committed to growing , promoting and celebrating strong and sustainable Yukon First Nations arts , culture and tourism sectors . "
The Festival office is located in the Yukon First Nations Culture and Tourism Association office in Whitehorse , Yukon .
Oregon County is a county located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Missouri .
As of the 2010 census , the population was 10,881 .
Its county seat is Alton .
The county was officially organized on February 14 , 1845 , and was named for the Oregon Territory in the northwestern United States .
Home to a large area of the Mark Twain National Forest , Oregon County contains more national forest acreage than any county in the state of Missouri .
It also contains the Irish Wilderness , the largest federally protected wilderness area in the state .
Hiking , backpacking , and horseback riding opportunities abound on the Ozark Trail and the White 's Creek Trail .
Canoeing , kayaking , jonboating , and fishing are popular on the Eleven Point River , which is Missouri 's only National Wild and Scenic River .
Eleven Point State Park is under development east of Alton , Missouri that includes 6 miles of Eleven Point River frontage .
Grand Gulf State Park is just west of Thayer that includes a collapsed karst canyon .
He was born in Khujand , today the capital of Sughd Province in Tajikistan .
The modern Persian novelist and short story writer Sadegh Hedayat and his family trace their ancestry to Kamal Khojandi .
Khojandi 's tomb is located in the Tomb of Two Kamals at Tabriz , Iran , beside the tomb of Kamaleddin Behzad .
Destroyer escort ( DE ) was the United States Navy mid-20th - century classification for a warship designed with endurance to escort mid - ocean convoys of merchant marine ships .
The Royal Navy and Commonwealth forces identified such warships as frigates , and that classification was widely accepted when the United States redesignated destroyer escorts as frigates ( FF ) in 1975 .
Midnight at the Lost and Found is a 1983 album by Meat Loaf .
This would be the final Meat Loaf release under Epic Records until The Very Best of Meat Loaf ( 1998 ) .
Following a dispute with his former songwriter Jim Steinman , Meat Loaf was contractually obliged to release a new album .
According to Meat Loaf , Steinman gave him " Total Eclipse of the Heart " and " Making Love Out of Nothing at All " for the album , but Meat Loaf 's record company refused to pay for Steinman .
Nesbit achieved worldwide notoriety when her husband , the multimillionaire Harry Kendall Thaw , shot and killed Stanford White on the rooftop theatre of Madison Square Garden on the evening of June 25 , 1906 , leading to what the press would call the " Trial of the Century " .
Procidis is a French animation studio , founded by Albert Barillé , which among other things produced the educational series Once Upon a Time ... ( Man [ 1978 ] , Space [ 1982 ] , Life [ 1987 ] , The Americas [ 1991 ] , The Discoverers [ 1994 ] , The Explorers [ 1996 ] , Music [ 2007 ] , and Planet Earth [ 2008 ] ) .
The last series launched that was translated into English was " Les Zooriginaux " ( Wild Instinct ) , which was released in 2001 in France , Belgium , Germany , Italy , and the United Kingdom .
I Am a Camera is a 1955 British comedy - drama film based on The Berlin Stories by Christopher Isherwood and the eponymous play by John Van Druten .
Directed by Henry Cornelius , from a script by John Collier , I Am a Camera stars Laurence Harvey as Isherwood and Julie Harris recreating her Tony Award - winning performance as Sally Bowles .
It is native to eastern Asia in China , Japan , Korea , and Taiwan .
" Looking for the Perfect Beat " is an electro and old school hip hop song by Afrika Bambaataa & the Soulsonic Force .
Released in January 1983 , it served as the followup to the group 's highly influential song " Planet Rock " .
" Looking for the Perfect Beat " was the basis for the British Hip hop and House crossover performer Bomb the Bass ' " Beat Dis " as well as Simon Harris ' similar hit , " Here Comes That Sound " , which came out in 1988 .
Samples of the track helped create LL Cool J 's song " Control Myself " and DJ Khaled 's song " Holla at Me " .
Ares (; , Áres ) is the Greek god of war .
He is one of the Twelve Olympians , the son of Zeus and Hera .
In Greek literature , he often represents the physical or violent and untamed aspect of war , in contrast to his sister the armored Athena , whose functions as a goddess of intelligence include military strategy and generalship .
The Greeks were toward Ares : although he embodied the physical valor necessary for success in war , he was a dangerous force , " overwhelming , insatiable in battle , destructive , and man - slaughtering . "
His sons Phobos ( Fear ) and Deimos ( Terror ) and his lover , or sister , Enyo ( Discord ) accompanied him on his war chariot .
In the Iliad , his father Zeus tells him that he is the god most hateful to him .
He is well known as the lover of Aphrodite , the goddess of love , who was married to Hephaestus , god of craftsmanship .
Melanesia ( , ) is a subregion of Oceania extending from New Guinea island in the southwestern Pacific Ocean to the Arafura Sea , and eastward to Fiji .
The region includes the four independent countries of Vanuatu , Solomon Islands , Fiji , and Papua New Guinea , as well as the French special collectivity of New Caledonia , and the Indonesian region of Western New Guinea .
The name Melanesia ( in French Mélanésie ) was first used by Jules Dumont d'Urville in 1832 to denote an ethnic and geographical grouping of islands whose inhabitants he thought were distinct from those of Micronesia and Polynesia .
The Hoogerwerf 's pheasant ( Lophura hoogerwerfi ) also known as Aceh pheasant or Sumatran pheasant is a medium - sized , up to long , bird of the family Phasianidae .
An Indonesian endemic , this little - known pheasant inhabits to mid - mountain forests of Gunung Leuser National Park in Aceh province .
Previously known only from two female specimens , it was recently discovered in a market in Medan , North Sumatra .
William Quintillis Dallmeyer ( October 23 , 1829 – March 15 , 1908 ) was an American Missouri politician .
William Quintillis Dallmeyer was born in Hanover , Germany .
He emigrated to the United States in 1845 , living in New York City and New Orleans , Louisiana , before settling in St. Louis , Missouri , where he worked in the dry goods business .
In 1856 , he moved to Gasconade County , Missouri , where he divided his time between his farm , general store , and serving as the local postmaster and justice of the peace .
In 1864 , he was elected to the Missouri House of Representatives , serving until 1869 , when he was elected State Treasurer .
Following his two - year term , he served as cashier at the First National Bank in Jefferson City , Missouri , from 1874 to 1882 .
Hawarden Airport ( ) , is an airport near Hawarden in Flintshire , Wales , near the border with England and west southwest of the English city of Chester .
A large Airbus factory , which produces aircraft wings , is located at the airport .
The factory is known as the Broughton factory , named after the nearest village .
Ploschad Muzhestva ( ] , ) is an open public square , shaped as a roundabout , in the north - east of Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Its name and decoration commemorate the fortitude city dwellers demonstrated during the nearly 900-day - long 1941 – 44 Nazi Germany Siege of Leningrad as the square opens the way to the biggest burial place of the siege victims Piskaryovskoye Memorial Cemetery .
The square joins five streets , two of which form northeastern roughly latitudinal part of the city 's Central Arc Thoroughfare that as a whole connects much of the city 's uptown residential areas with southwestern and northwestern suburban motorways .
Mostly nearly longitudinal Polytechnical Street and its northern coaxials mark the boundary between Vyborg District and Kalinin District of the city .
The Kopelman Quartet is a Russian string quartet founded in 2002 by Mikhail Kopelman ( violin ) , Boris Kuschnir ( violin ) , Igor Sulyga ( viola ) and Mikhail Milman ( cello ) .
They studied at the Moscow Conservatory in the 1970s , but pursued individual careers for twenty - five years before founding the quartet .
The quartet has played at many major international venues , including the Musikverein , Vienna , and the Dom Muzyki , Moscow , and appears regularly at venues such as the Concertgebouw , Amsterdam and the Wigmore Hall , London .
Festival appearances have included the Edinburgh International Festival , the Valladolid Festival , the Zurich Festival , the Colmar Festival , Prague Spring Festival , the Wimbledon Music Festival and the Ravinia Festival in the United States .
Prophets of Rage is the self - titled debut studio album by American rap rock supergroup Prophets of Rage , consisting of three members of Rage Against the Machine and Audioslave ( bassist and backing vocalist Tim Commerford , guitarist Tom Morello , and drummer Brad Wilk ) , Public Enemy 's DJ Lord and rapper Chuck D , and Cypress Hill rapper B - Real .
Released on September 15 , 2017 , by Fantasy Records , Prophets of Rage garnered very divided reviews , with favorable reviews praising the chemistry between the members of the supergroup and the harshness of the LP and critics that disliked the album panning the vague , one - dimensional lyrics .
Roberval — Lac - Saint - Jean ( formerly known as Roberval ) was a federal electoral district in Quebec , Canada , that represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1949 until 2015 .
The riding was created in 1947 from parts of Lake St - John — Roberval riding .
It was dissolved into Lac - Saint - Jean and Jonquière during the 2012 electoral redistribution .
The neighbouring ridings are Abitibi — Baie - James — Nunavik — Eeyou , Chicoutimi — Le Fjord , Jonquière — Alma , Montmorency — Charlevoix — Haute - Côte - Nord , and Saint - Maurice — Champlain .
Pontiac Assembly was one of four General Motors assembly plants in Pontiac , Michigan located along Baldwin Avenue .
It served as the main facility for Pontiac Motor Division since it was built in 1927 .
It is across the street from the currently operational Pontiac Metal Center , which was the original location for the Oakland Motor Car Company , which Pontiac evolved into .
Manufacturing operations were transferred to Orion Assembly .
Erfurt Hauptbahnhof ( Erfurt Hbf ) or Erfurt Central Station is the central railway station at Erfurt in Germany .
Immediately north of the station is Erfurt 's city centre .
The station lies on the Thüringer Bahn , which connects Halle to Bebra .
It is served also by the Erfurter Bahn .
It was rebuilt from 2002 to 2008 for the completion of the Nuremberg – Erfurt high - speed railway and the Erfurt – Leipzig / Halle high - speed railway and connects the Berlin – Munich and Frankfurt – Dresden long - distance routes .
Eugene Wesley " Gene " Roddenberry ( August 19 , 1921 – October 24 , 1991 ) was an American screenwriter and producer of several television series , best known for his work in creating the Star Trek franchise .
He began a writing career while he was a Sergeant in the Los Angeles Police Department ( LAPD ) and his first work to be bought by a network was The Secret Defense of 117 , although it took four years to be broadcast .
During that time , he wrote four episodes of the police procedural Highway Patrol under the pseudonym " Robert Wesley " , as the LAPD required employees to seek formal permission to work a second job .
He wrote pilots for a series of his own , but these were turned down by the studios until he began work on The Lieutenant .
He oversaw the production of the series for the first two seasons , but following budget cuts and the move to an unfavorable timeslot for the , he stepped back from working on Star Trek but remained credited as an executive producer .
He also produced several new science fiction pilots ; Genesis II ( also re - worked into a second pilot , called Planet Earth ) , The Questor Tapes and Spectre .
Of these , Questor was approved to go to a full season , but following disagreements between Roddenberry and the studio over suggested changes , it was canceled .
The studio brought in a new producer for the sequel to the film , to which Roddenberry demanded creative control or else he would refuse an executive producer credit , instead only willing to be credited as creative consultant .
He took Star Trek back to television during the late 1980s , with .
Following his death in 1991 , two of his 1970s science fiction ideas were re - worked , resulting in and Andromeda .
Guy (; born c. 1012 ) was the duke of Sorrento from 1035 , the brother of Guaimar IV of Salerno , father - in - law of William Iron Arm and William of the Principate , and brother - in - law of Humphrey of Hauteville .
He was the son of Guaimar III and Gaitelgrima .
Mayakovsky ( masculine ) , Mayakovskaya ( feminine ) , or Mayakovskoye ( neuter ) may also refer to :
Mayakovsky , name of the town of Baghdati , Georgia in 1940 – 1991
Mayakovski , Armenia , a town in Armenia renamed in honor of Mayakovsky
Mayakovskoye , a rural locality ( a settlement ) in Kaliningrad Oblast , Russia
Mayakovskaya ( Moscow Metro ) , a station of the Moscow Metro , named after Mayakovsky
Michael H. Robinson ( 1929 , Preston , Lancashire , England — March 22 , 2008 , Alexandria , Virginia ) was a British zoologist who directed the National Zoo in Washington D.C. , for 16 years , from 1984 to 2000 .
He was married to biologist Barbara Robinson , his colleague for many years , from whom he was divorced .
Reyburn was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , to John E. Reyburn and Margretta ( Crozier ) .
That year , NAACP board members voted 30–29 to replace Gibson with Myrlie Evers - Williams , widow of Medgar Evers .
The East River is a tributary of the New River , long , in southern West Virginia and southwestern Virginia in the United States .
Via the New , Kanawha and Ohio rivers , it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River , draining an area of in the Ridge - and - Valley Appalachians .
It rises from East River Mountain in Mercer County , West Virginia , in the eastern part of the city of Bluefield , and flows generally east - northeastward through southern Mercer County , generally in parallel to East River Mountain to its south , through the unincorporated communities of Ada , Ingleside , and Hardy ; the town of Oakvale ; and the unincorporated communities of Kellysville and Willowton .
It flows into the New River soon after entering Virginia , in the town of Glen Lyn in Giles County .
The stream is paralleled for much of its course upstream of Oakvale by West Virginia Route 112 , and downstream of Oakvale by U.S. Route 460 .
KFXL - TV , virtual channel 51 ( UHF digital channel 15 ) , is a Fox - affiliated television station licensed to Lincoln , Nebraska , United States .
The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group as part of a duopoly with Kearney - licensed KHGI - TV ( channel 13 ) , the ABC affiliate for the western portion of the Lincoln – Hastings – Kearney market .
KFXL 's transmitter is located on Industrial Avenue in northern Lincoln .
The two stations share studios on Nebraska Highway 44 in Axtell , about south of Kearney .
The KFXL signal is simulcast on the digital subchannels of most of the KHGI / NTV network stations , bringing KFXL programming to the western half of the Lincoln – Hastings – Kearney market and parts of the North Platte market .
The Descent of Mary ( Γεννα Μαριας or " Genna Marias " ) is a minor work of the New Testament apocrypha which is only known through mention in the Panarion of Epiphanius of Salamis , who gives a short passage .
The excerpt purports to be the story about the death of Zechariah , the father of John the Baptist , who is supposed to have seen a vision of a man " in the form of an ass " while burning incense in the temple .
Set in the fictional , rural American town of Greenvale , Washington , the story follows FBI Special Agent Francis York Morgan as he investigates the murder of an eighteen - year - old woman , which bears similarities to a series of murders across the country .
Deadly Premonition was originally released in 2010 for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 ; the Xbox 360 version was published by Ignition Entertainment in North America , Marvelous Entertainment in Japan , and Rising Star Games in Europe .
Johannes de Sacrobosco , also written Ioannis de Sacro Bosco ( 1195 – 1256 ) , was a scholar , monk and astronomer who was a teacher at the University of Paris .
He wrote a short introduction to the Hindu - Arabic numeral system which became the most widely read introduction to that subject in the later medieval centuries ( judging from the number of manuscript copies that survive today ) .
He also wrote a short astronomy textbook , Tractatus de Sphaera , which was widely read and influential in Europe during the later medieval centuries as an introduction to astronomy .
In his longest and most original book , Sacrobosco correctly described the defects of the then - used Julian calendar , and , three centuries before its implementation , recommended a solution much like the modern Gregorian calendar .
He translated The Story of My Experiments with Truth , the autobiography of Mahatma Gandhi , into Assamese language and contributed to the implementation of Tea Plantation Worker ’s Provident Fund in the state .
Syrets ( ) is a Kiev Metro station on the Syretsko - Pecherska Line .
Traditionally all of the Metro stations in Kiev were built in several stages including a few stations each ( sometimes delivered in various segments ) .
Designed by architect T. Tselikovskaya , the station is a standard design deep level pylon trivault , but the first in Kiev to exhibit a new high - tech approach to the design of the stations , over the previous vivid decorations that were inherited from the Soviet times .
England 's Happiness in the Crowning of William and Mary is an English broadside ballad composed in 1689 and takes as its primary focus the coronation of William III of England and Mary II of England .
William III and Mary II 's coregency began in February 1689 when the Convention Parliament , summoned by William after his invasion of England in 1689 , offered him the crown .
Though this ballad never comments explicitly on William and Mary 's 1689 penning of the English Bill of Rights , it nevertheless focuses heavily on one specific component of the act , namely the reestablishment of Protestant liberty , as William III and Mary II were both Protestants : " For a Protestant King and a Protestant Queen , / The like in old England long time hath not been . "
Pierre Petit ( 8 December 1594 – 20 August 1677 ) was a French astronomer , physicist , mathematician and instrument maker .
Petit was born in Montluçon .
He also served as a military engineer and geographer to Louis XIII and Louis XIV , in roles such as Superintendent of Fortifications .
Alfred M. Wood ( April 19 , 1825 – July 28 , 1895 ) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
When the Civil War erupted , Wood enlisted at the age of 35 on April 4 , 1861 , in Brooklyn , New York , to serve three years .
He was later wounded and captured on July 21 , 1861 , at the First Battle of Manassas .
Later because of his wounds received at the battle of First Bull Run he was discharged for disability on October 18 , 1861 .
TAE Technologies ( formerly Tri Alpha Energy ) is an American company based in Foothill Ranch , California , created for the development of aneutronic fusion power .
Tariq al - Hashimi ( Țāriq al - Hāshamī ; born 1942 ) is an Iraqi politician who served as the general secretary of the Iraqi Islamic Party ( IIP ) until May 2009 .
Along with Adil Abdul - Mahdi , he served as the Vice President of Iraq in the government formed after the December 2005 elections for five years .
In December 2011 , Hashimi fled to Iraqi Kurdistan to avoid arrest on murder charges .
The Central Criminal Court of Iraq convicted him and sentenced him in absentia to death on 9 September 2012 .
As of April 2012 , Hashimi is living in Ankara , Turkey , with the assurance that he will not be extradited .
One True Love is a 2012 Philippine television drama romance series broadcast by GMA Network .
It premiered on June 11 , 2012 on the network 's Telebabad line up replacing My Beloved and worldwide on June 12 , 2012 on GMA Pinoy TV .
Dixon of Dock Green was a BBC television series about daily life at a London police station , with the emphasis on petty crime , successfully controlled through common sense and human understanding .
It retained a faithful following throughout its run and was voted second most popular programme on British TV in 1961 .
The film , based on the actual events recorded in history as the " Night of the pencils " ( La noche de los lápices ) , tells the story of seven students who , after protesting for lower bus fares in the city of La Plata , were abducted in September 1976 , during Argentina 's last dictatorship ( 1976 - 1983 ) , and subsequently disappeared .
Françoise Prévost ( c. 1680 – 1741 ) was a French ballerina who helped establish dramatic dance in the early world of classical ballet .
The 75-year - old company operated traveling carnivals at various summer agricultural shows across North America and is based in Brantford , Ontario and formerly also in West Palm Beach , Florida .
The organization used to operate the midway services for some of Canada 's largest summer fairs including the Canadian National Exhibition in Toronto , the Calgary Stampede , and Edmonton 's K - Days .
World 's Finest Shows route includes more than 60 fairs , all in Ontario , Canada .
They are both based in Ontario , Canada .
The carnival provides the midway at fairs and exhibitions , including , Miami , Florida 's Miami - Dade County Fair , Edmonton , Alberta 's K - Days Calgary , Alberta 's Calgary Stampede and Toronto , Ontario 's CNE , The Canadian National Exhibition .
Pierre Victor , baron de Besenval de Brünstatt ( 1722 – 1794 ) was the last commander of the Swiss Guards in France .
Born at Solothurn , he was the son of Jean Victor de Besenval , colonel of the regiment of Swiss Guards in the pay of France , who was charged in 1707 by Louis XIV with a mission to Sweden to reconcile Charles XII with the tsar Peter the Great , and to unite them in alliance with France against England .
Pierre Victor served at first as aide - de - camp to Marshall Broglie during the campaign of 1748 in Bohemia , then as aide - de - camp to the duke of Orleans during the Seven Years ' War .
When the French Revolution began de Besenval remained firmly attached to the royal court and he was given command of the troops which the king had concentrated in Paris in July 1789 , a move which led to the storming of the Bastille on 14 July 1789 .
Davis began his political career as Arkansas Attorney General , where he immediately began making political waves .
His office challenged the legality of the Kimball State House Act and made an extremely controversial extraterritorial interpretation of the Rector Antitrust Act .
Most of these urban agglomerations are in China and other countries of Asia .
The Blue Bulls , for sponsorship reasons known as the Vodacom Blue Bulls , or more popularly by their Afrikaans name die Blou Bulle , is a South African rugby union team that participates in the annual Currie Cup tournament .
They are governed by the Blue Bulls Rugby Union and are based at Loftus Versfeld Stadium in Pretoria , Gauteng province .
Mount Inderbitzen ( ) is a mountain rising to over , located south - southeast of Mount Craddock and south of Mount Milton in Owen Ridge , the southernmost part of the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
It surmounts Wessbecher Glacier to the southeast and Sirma Glacier to the northwest .
It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1994 after Anton L. Inderbitzen , who was Associate Chief Scientist in the Division of Polar Programs at the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) between 1983 – 86 and was head of the Antarctic Staff at the NSF between 1986 – 91 .
At the NSF , Inderbitzen was responsible for the coordination and planning of all scientific activities within the United States Antarctic Program , and for the formulation and enforcement of U.S. environmental regulations in Antarctica .
Jurie Els is a South African singer with a great number of albums and singles to his credit .
Between 1994 and 2003 , he was an artist and music producer with Sony , Johannesburg , South Africa .
Rebecca Mann Pennell , later Rebecca Mann Dean ( 1821 - 1890 ) was an American educator , niece of prominent educator Horace Mann , and the first woman to be appointed a full faculty member at an American college .
She was one of the ten founding professors of Antioch College in Yellow Springs , Ohio , where she taught physical geography , drawing , natural history , civil history , and didactics .
The Saigon River Tunnel is an underwater tunnel that opened on November 20 , 2011 .
It runs underneath the Saigon River in Ho Chi Minh City , the largest city of Vietnam .
The tunnel connects the existing urban center of Ho Chi Minh City with Thu Thiem New Urban Area in District 2 .
The Saigon River Tunnel is part of the , an important road project under construction to ease the congestion of transport in the inner city as well as transportation from downtown to the Mekong Delta region .
The existing downtown was previously only linked with the Thu Thiem New Urban Area by many bridges , namely : Thủ Thiêm Bridge , Phú Mỹ Bridge and Ba Son Bridge .
In Greek mythology , Agamemnon (; , Ἀgamémnōn ) was a king of Mycenae , the son of King Atreus and Queen Aerope of Mycenae , the brother of Menelaus , the husband of Clytemnestra and the father of Iphigenia , Electra or Laodike ( Λαοδίκη ) , Orestes and Chrysothemis .
When Helen , the wife of Menelaus , was taken to Troy by Paris , Agamemnon commanded the united Greek armed forces in the ensuing Trojan War .
Upon Agamemnon 's return from Troy , he was killed ( according to the oldest surviving account , Odyssey 11.409 – 11 ) by Aegisthus , the lover of his wife Clytemnestra .
Suddenly is the debut album by Korean duo male group J - Walk .
Former Sechskies members , Kim Jae Duc and Jang Su Won , return as a project group with the name J - Walk .
The featured song " Suddenly " contains crossover jazz , R&B - ish ; songs with a pop / ballad format .
According to Recording Industry Association of Korea , as of the end of December 2002 , the album has sold a cumulative total of 119,317 copies . This album achieved great success so they won SBS Gayo Daejeon Popularity Award with former Sechs Kies member Kang Sunghun in 2002 .
The environmental subsystems are one part of the strategy Microsoft developed for making the Windows NT stream of operating systems a hub for multi - platform computing Others include four Hardware Abstraction layers , one for Intel processors , three for RISC processors ( DEC Alpha , PowerPC , Mips ) , and a driver for the HPFS , the standard for OS/2 .
Since Windows 2000 , the FAT32 file system first introduced with Windows 95 has also been present , with HPFS deprecated then being omitted in later systems .
A third - party driver for FAT32 can be used on the earlier NT operating systems .
Therefore , Windows NT as of version 4.0 had a default of four file systems ( NTFS , HPFS , FAT12 , and FAT16 ) , and installations of the system with a driver allowing access to a fifth FAT32 ) are very common , and tools allowing access to Unix file systems are also in existence .
Echoes is the fifth studio album by English recording artist Will Young .
It was released by RCA Records and Sony Music on 19 August 2011 .
A departure from previous albums which saw him working with a diverse roster of collaborators , Young worked with music producer Richard X and Pete Hofmann on the bulk of the album .
" Jealousy " was released as the lead single from the album on 19 August 2011 , reaching number five on the UK Singles Chart .
Further singles " Come On " , " Losing Myself " , and " I Just Want a Lover " were less successful and failed to reach the top forty .
Erasmus Hendjala ( born 31 December 1947 in Omundudu , Ohangwena Region ) is a Namibian politician .
Hendjala represented the Hakahana constituency and later Tobias Hainyeko constituency in Katutura , Windhoek , Khomas Region as a member of the ruling South West Africa People 's Organization ( SWAPO ) from 1993 until August 2008 .
In 2008 , Hendjala was abruptly expelled via letter for " serious misconduct and violation of the SWAPO constitution " .
A month later , Hendjala joined the Rally for Democracy and Progress and announced he would contest the regional by - election in October 2008 , which was forced by his expulsion from SWAPO .
However , three opposition parties including Hendjala 's RDP withdrew prior to the election , ensuring an easy SWAPO victory .
His wife , a member of the SWAPO women 's council , did not leave SWAPO with her husband .
The Spirits Book ( Le Livre des Esprits in original French ) is part of the Spiritist Codification , and is regarded as one of the five fundamental works of Spiritism .
It was published by the French educator Allan Kardec on April 18 , 1857 .
It was the first and remains the most important spiritist book , because it addresses in first hand all questions developed subsequently by Allan Kardec .
Its answers , according to Kardec , were given to him by a group of spirits who identified themselves as " The Spirit of Truth " , with whom he communicated in several Spiritist sessions during the 1850s .
Kardec , who considered himself an " organizer " rather than an author , grouped the questions and their answers by theme , occasionally including lengthier digressions the spirits had dictated to him on specific subjects , some signed by philosophers such as Augustine of Hippo and Thomas Aquinas and writers including Voltaire .
" My Ever Changing Moods " is a song by the English band The Style Council which was their fifth single to be released .
It was composed by lead singer Paul Weller , recorded at Weller 's own studio Solid Bond Studios , and was released in 1984 .
It is the first single from the band 's début album , Café Bleu ( 1984 ) , which was renamed My Ever Changing Moods in the United States to capitalise on the success of that single .
29 on the Billboard Hot 100 the week of June 9 , 1984 in the US .
François Caron ( 1600 – 1673 ) was a French Huguenot refugee to the Netherlands who served the Dutch East India Company ( Vereenigde Oost - Indische Compagnie or VOC ) for 30 years , rising from cabin boy to Director - General at Batavia ( Jakarta ) , only one grade below Governor - General .
He was later to become Director - General of the French East Indies Company ( Compagnie française pour le commerce des Indes orientales ) ( 1667 – 1673 ) .
He is sometimes considered the first Frenchman to set foot in Japan : he was actually born in Brussels to a family of French Huguenot refugees ; but he only became a naturalized citizen of France when he was persuaded by Colbert to become head of the French East Indies Company , which was intended to compete with the Dutch and the English in Asia .
Emmanuel Joseph Sieyès ( 3 May 1748 – 20 June 1836 ) , most commonly known as the Abbé Sieyès ( ) , was a French Roman Catholic abbé , clergyman and political writer .
His 1789 pamphlet What is the Third Estate ?
Lake County is a county in the south - central region of the U.S. state of Oregon .
Its county seat is Lakeview .
The county is named after the many lakes found within its boundaries , including Lake Abert , Summer Lake , Hart Lake , and Goose Lake .
Lake County is in the high desert region known as the Oregon Outback , on the northwestern edge of the Great Basin .
The county is generally divided between the communities around Lakeview and Paisley to the south and the communities around Christmas Valley , Fort Rock , and Silver Lake to the north .
Although lumber was once a primary economic driver in Lake County , today only one mill remains , at Lakeview .
Andrew White ( 27 July 1930 – 9 November 2015 ) was a Scottish drummer , primarily a session musician .
He was named one of the " fifth Beatles " as he is best known for replacing Ringo Starr on drums on the Beatles ' first single , " Love Me Do " .
White was featured on the American 7 " single release of the song , which also appeared on the band 's debut British album , Please Please Me .
Bien Hoa Air Base is a Vietnam People 's Air Force ( VPAF ; Vietnamese : Không quân Nhân dân Việt Nam ) military airfield located in South - Central southern Vietnam about from Saigon , across the Dong Nai river in the northern ward of Tân Phong , and within the city of Biên Hòa within Đồng Nai Province .
During the Vietnam War the base was used by the Republic of Vietnam Air Force ( RVNAF ) .
The United States used it as a major base from 1961 through 1973 , stationing Army , Air Force ( USAF ) , Navy and Marine units there .
Live Labs was headed by Dr. Gary William Flake , who prior to joining Microsoft was a principal scientist at Yahoo !
As a consequence Live Labs ' original founder and leader Dr. Gary William Flake has resigned from Microsoft .
The Domus Sanctae Marthae ( Latin for Saint Martha 's House ; in Italian , Casa Santa Marta ) is a building adjacent to St. Peter 's Basilica in Vatican City .
Completed in 1996 , during the reign of Pope John Paul II , it is named after Saint Martha the hospitable , who was a sibling to Saints Mary and Lazarus of Bethany .
The building functions as a guest house for clergy having business with the Holy See , and as the hotel residence of the members of the College of Cardinals when they are participating in a Papal Conclave to elect a new Pope .
Pope Francis has made it his home since his election in March 2013 , declining to use the Papal apartments in the Apostolic Palace .
William Channing A'Beckett ( 1 January 1846 – 16 June 1929 ) was an Australian politician .
He was born in Sydney to Arthur Martin A'Beckett , a doctor who served in the New South Wales Legislative Council , and Emma Louise Elwin .
He was sent to England to be educated , returning to Australia to farm in New South Wales in 1865 .
On 23 February 1884 he married Jessie Gertrude Smith , with whom he had five children .
He owned property in the Wellington area , and in 1889 was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Free Trade member for Bogan .
Andrew Nicholas Oliver and Philip Edward Oliver , together known as the Oliver Twins , are British twin brothers and video game designers .
They worked with publishers Codemasters for a number of years following their first collaboration Super Robin Hood , creating the Dizzy series of games and many of Codemasters ' Simulator Series games .
At one point during the 1980s it was reported that 7 % of all UK games sales were attributable to the Oliver Twins .
In 1990 they founded Interactive Studios which later became Blitz Games Studios .
The Asian Men 's Volleyball Cup , so - called the AVC Cup for Men is an international volleyball competition in Asia and Oceania contested by the top ten senior men 's national teams of the members of Asian Volleyball Confederation ( AVC ) , the sport 's continent governing body .
The 5 Asian Volleyball Cup tournaments have been won by three different national teams .
The other Asian Volleyball Cup winners are China and South Korea with one title each .
The 2016 Asian Men 's Volleyball Cup took place in Nakhon Pathom , Thailand .
The next Asian Championship will be hosted by Chinese Taipei in 2018 .
This event should not be confused with the other , more prestigious , continental competition for asian national volleyball teams , the Asian Volleyball Championship and Asian Volleyball Challenge Cup .
The Panglong Conference ( ) , held in February 1947 , was an historic meeting that took place at Panglong in the Shan States in Burma between the Shan , Kachin and Chin ethnic minority leaders and Aung San , head of the interim Burmese government .
Aung Zan Wai , Pe Khin , Bo Hmu Aung , Sir Maung Gyi , Dr. Sein Mya Maung and Myoma U Than Kywe were among the negotiators of the historical Panglong Conference negotiated with Bamar representative General Aung San and other ethnic leaders in 1947 .
All these leaders unanimously decided to join the Union of Burma .
On the agenda was the united struggle for independence from Britain and the future of Burma after independence as a unified republic .
In 1990 , LucasArts and Rainbow Arts released a remake and follow - up to this game , called Masterblazer .
She had been granted an Olympic invitation for her country by ISSF and IOC , having registered a minimum qualifying score of 367 at the ISSF World Cup meet in Atlanta , Georgia , United States three years earlier .
Barboza fired a lowly 368 out of a possible 400 to force a three - way tie with fellow Latin American markswomen Amanda Mondol of Colombia and triple Olympian Margarita Tarradell of Cuba for thirty - fifth place in the qualifying round , failing to advance further to the final .
Anil 's Ghost is the critically acclaimed fourth novel by Michael Ondaatje .
It was first published in 2000 by McClelland and Stewart .
Likkutei Sichos , literally , " Collected Talks " ( ) contains both the scope and the core of the teachings of the Lubavitcher Rebbe , Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson , and is the most authoritative source text for the Rebbe 's unique , original , and often revolutionary explanation of Judaism .
Likkutei Sichos covers a range of topics including ideas in Jewish philosophy and theology , biblical and Talmudic commentary on biblical , kabbalistic expositions , moral and practical directives , and perspectives on world events .
The essays were transcribed from the public talks given by Rabbi Schneerson and are compiled in over three dozen volumes , arranged by the weekly Torah portion and special occasions in the Jewish and Hasidic calendar .
Likkutei Sichos contains both the scope and the core of the Lubavitcher Rebbe ’s teachings , and is the most authoritative sorce text for the Rebbe 's unique , original , and often revolutionary explanation of Judaism .
Of the many of thousands of talks that Schneerson delivered , those that were the most basic to his weltanschauung and message were compiled in the Likkutei Sichot , which originally appeared in weekly pamphlets .
He reviewed and extensively edited each of these transcriptions before it went to press , making the Likkutei Sichot the authoritative medium with which to disseminate his teachings .
The edited Sichos represent much of Schneerson 's central teachings , and unique spiritual voice for the generation , with other major works being the deeper , mystical Maamarim ( Hasidic discourses ) , unedited talks , personal correspondence etc .
The many aspects of Likkutei Sichos present the most accessible form of the Rebbe 's thought , and its practical application .
The municipal flag of Jerusalem is based on the flag of Israel .
The flag was adopted in 1949 following a contest held by the municipal government of Jerusalem , which was established by Israel ( in the western part of the city ) .
Palazzo Uguccioni is a Renaissance palace on the Piazza della Signoria in Florence , central Italy .
Its design has been variously attributed to Raphael , Michelangelo , Andrea Palladio , Bartolomeo Ammannati or Raffaello da Montelupo , although no proofs exists if not that its drawing came from Rome in 1549 and that its style was reminiscent of Raphael 's or Bramante 's , which were a novelty in Florence at the time .
It is the only building in Florence with columns on its façade .
Benjamin James " Ben " Goldsmith ( born 28 October 1980 ) is an English financier and environmentalist .
The son of financier James Goldsmith and Lady Annabel Goldsmith he is founder and CEO of London - listed investment firm Menhaden , which focuses on the theme of energy and resource efficiency .
He had a high - profile marriage to Rothschild heiress Kate Emma Rothschild which ended in 2012 .
Bighead carp are native to the large rivers and associated floodplain lakes of eastern Asia .
Their range extends from southern China north to the Amur River system , which forms the border between China and Russia .
Hussein - Ali Montazeri ( 24 September 1922 – 19 December 2009 ; , ) was an Iranian Shia Islamic theologian , Islamic democracy advocate , writer and human rights activist .
He was one of the leaders of the Iranian Revolution in 1979 .
He was once the designated successor to the revolution 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomeini , with whom he had a falling - out in 1989 over government policies that Montazeri claimed infringed on people 's freedom and denied them their rights .
Between June 5 and 6 , 1963 , the Guinean president Sékou Touré made an official visit to Brazzaville , the capital of the Republic of the Congo .
He was received by the Congolese president Fulbert Youlou .
At a speech at the Brazzaville City Hall , Touré denounced the reactionary policies and extravagant lifestyle of the Congolese leadership .
The speech was met with appalause and praise from Congolese trade unionists , who hailed him with slogans such as ' Long live the president of Africa !
Slogans raised included ' Long live the independence of Africa !
' , ' Down with Fulbert Youlou ! '
and ' Down with those who plunder the Congo ' .
Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , with her ex - husband , actor Bruce Dern .
Wayne Newton recorded his song " Summer Colors " in 1967 where it reached # 20 on the U.S. adult contemporary chart .
In 2012 , McCartney was awarded the Million - Air Award from Broadcast Music , Inc. ( BMI ) , for more than 4 million performances of the song in the US .
Bruce McLean ( born 1944 ) is a Scottish sculptor , performance artist and painter .
McLean was born in Glasgow and studied at Glasgow School of Art from 1961 to 1963 , and at Saint Martin 's School of Art , London , from 1963 to 1966 .
He has had numerous one man exhibitions including Tate Gallery in London , The Modern Art Gallery in Vienna and Museum of Modern Art , Oxford .
, also known as Baisetsu Nobutada , was a Japanese samurai .
He was the son of Anayama Nobutomo and a nephew of Takeda Shingen .
Southwest National Park is a national park located in the south - west of Tasmania , Australia and forms part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area .
Covering an area of , it is Tasmania 's largest national park .
Within the area there is only one road , to the hydroelectricity township of Strathgordon .
The tiny locality of Melaleuca in the extreme south - west provides an airstrip and some very basic facilities , mainly to service the National Park Service .
Dropmire is a surveillance program by the United States 's National Security Agency ( NSA ) aimed at surveillance of foreign embassies and diplomatic staff , including those of NATO allies .
Echo Summit is a mountain pass over the Sierra Nevada in the western United States , located in eastern El Dorado County , California .
At above sea level , it is the highest point on U.S. Route 50 in California , which traverses it at postmile 66.48 between Twin Bridges and Meyers , south of Lake Tahoe .
The " Sierra Nevada Southern Route " ( aka the " Pioneer Route " ) of the Lincoln Highway , the first road across the United States , was routed over nearby Johnson Pass in 1913 .
The " Sierra Nevada Northern Route " of the Lincoln Highway went over Donner Pass .
The South San Francisco Hillside Sign is a historic sign on a hillside overlooking the city of South San Francisco in San Mateo County , California .
The letters are set on the south side of a steep hill , part of the San Bruno Mountains , overlooking the city .
Huracán Ramírez ( Spanish for " Hurricane Ramirez " ) was the ring name of Mexican luchador enmascarado , or masked professional wrestler Daniel García Arteaga ( April 9 , 1926 – October 31 , 2006 ) .
" On the Knocking at the Gate in Macbeth " is an essay in Shakespearean criticism by the English author Thomas De Quincey , first published in the October 1823 edition of The London Magazine .
De Quincey also views his responses to the play in reference to another of his classic essays , " On Murder Considered as one of the Fine Arts " .
Commentators who are dismissive of De Quincey 's literary criticism in general make an exception for his essay on Macbeth .
The essay concerns Act II , scene three in The Tragedy of Macbeth , in which the murder of King Duncan by Macbeth and Lady Macbeth is succeeded by Macduff and Lennox knocking at the gate of the castle .
Cape Enrage is the name given to the southern tip of Barn Marsh Island , an island located in Albert County , New Brunswick , Canada , roughly half way along the coastline between the villages of Riverside - Albert and Alma at the eastern entrance to Fundy National Park .
Accessible from Route 915 , the island itself is surrounded by jagged sea cliffs that are often more than 50 metres ( 145   ft ) high , and is separated from the mainland by a narrow tidal creek .
Cape Enrage derives its name from the large reef that extends south into Chignecto Bay , which causes the water off the point to become extremely violent , particularly at half tide when the reef is partially exposed and the water is moving quickly .
He served under two British kings ; George IV and William IV .
Kramer was born in Hannover and was a pupil of Romantic composer Peter Winter .
He became a court musician , eventually rising to lead George IV 's personal orchestra ( " band " ) which , according to Dwight 's Journal of Music was " in its time acknowledged to be one of the best in Europe " .
Solferino ( Upper Mantovano : ) is a small town and comune in the province of Mantua , Lombardy , northern Italy , approximately south of Lake Garda .
It is best known as being close to the site of the Battle of Solferino on 24 June 1859 , part of the Second Italian War of Independence .
The wounded in the battle were witnessed by the Swiss businessman Jean - Henri Dunant , who had traveled to Italy to meet French emperor Napoléon III with the intention of discussing difficulties in conducting business in Algeria , at that time occupied by France .
Horrified by the suffering of wounded soldiers left on the battlefield , Dunant completely abandoned the original intent of his trip and for several days he devoted himself to helping with the treatment and care for the wounded .
Back in his home in Geneva , he set about a process that led to the Geneva Conventions and the establishment of the International Committee of the Red Cross by writing a book entitled A Memory of Solferino which he published with his own money in 1862 and thus initiated the process .
Princess Diana 's Revenge is a novel written by the English writer Michael de Larrabeiti and self - published in 2006 , under the imprint " Tallis House " , which is the name used by de Larrabeiti for publishing his own works .
In the context of de Larrabeiti 's other works , it is perhaps closest in tone to his thrillers The Bunce and The Hollywood Takes , dealing with conspiracy theories and partly featuring the documentary film business in which de Larrabeiti 's earlier novels were set .
Despite de Larrabeiti being an established author of thirty years ' standing , Princess Diana 's Revenge was turned down by his literary agents , Curtis Brown .
Although the book is not as explicitly anti - authoritarian as de Larrabeiti 's most famous work , The Borrible Trilogy , its satire of members of the royal family ensure that the book is run - through with the anti - authoritarianism that is present in all of de Larrabeiti 's work .
The Scientific and Cultural Facilities District ( SCFD ) is a special regional tax district of the State of Colorado that provides funding for art , music , theater , dance , zoology , botany , natural history , or cultural history organizations in the Denver Metropolitan Area .
In 1988 , voters in the Denver region created the SCFD to provide a consistent source of unrestricted funding to scientific and cultural organizations .
The district comprises seven counties in the Denver Metropolitan Area : Adams , Arapahoe , Boulder , Broomfield , Denver , Douglas , and Jefferson .
Jasun Martz is an American record producer , composer , musician , fine artist , creative director and sculptor who has worked on several # 1 internationally best selling hit records but is probably best known for his contemporary classical symphonies .
He has recorded with Michael Jackson , toured with Frank Zappa and helped arrange one of rock music 's best selling hits : " We Built this City " by Starship .
Also a renowned New York based painter and sculptor , Martz has lived in New York , Los Angeles and London and has created and exhibited " raw expressionist " paintings and papier - mâché sculpture inspired by the subway passengers he encounters in each city .
He received a BA in 1968 from the University of Trinity College in the University of Toronto .
Normal Lyceum of Helsinki ( In Finnish ; Helsingin normaalilyseo ) is a school in Helsinki , Finland , consisting of the upper part of primary school ( peruskoulun yläaste , grades 7 to 9 ) and secondary school ( lukio ) .
Unlike most other schools in Helsinki , the school is not owned by the city of Helsinki , but is instead part of the University of Helsinki , which itself is owned directly by the state of Finland .
It is the second hardest to get into , in the entire country , tied with Ressun Lukio .
The most difficult one is Helsingin yliopiston Viikin normaalikoulu , which is also owned by the University of Helsinki .
The school has a constant , good - natured rivalry with Ressun lukio ( Ressu Upper Secondary School , previously known as " Helsingin reaalilyseo " ) and Helsingin Suomalainen Yhteiskoulu which are considered even more prestigious than the Normal Lyceum by some .
River of Dreams is the twelfth studio album by American singer - songwriter Billy Joel , released on August 10 , 1993 .
It was rumored that the themes of trust and betrayal , particularly certain lyrics from the songs " A Minor Variation " and " The Great Wall of China " , stem from Joel 's legal disputes with his former manager and ex - brother - in - law , Frank Weber , who reportedly embezzled millions of dollars from Joel and used dubious accounting practices to cover it up .
The album cover was a painting by Joel 's then - wife , Christie Brinkley .
S. Ali Raza ( 9 January 1925 – 1 November 2007 ) was an Indian film screenwriter and director associated with writing the script for hit films such as Aan , Andaz , Mother India , Reshma Aur Shera , Raja Jani and Dus Numbri .
He was married to actress Nimmi who appeared in Uran Khatola , Barsaat , Deedar , Amar , Aan , Char Paise , Rajdhani , Shamma , Pooja Ke Phool , Mere Mehboob for which he had written the dialogues .
Julio Rafael Pineda ( born December 20 , 1937 ) is a retired Cuban - American television news reporter who spent four decades as anchor for the Spanish language station WXTV , the Univision affiliate in New York City .
Born in Baracoa , Cuba , he immigrated to the United States before his 20th birthday .
He began his career at the Spanish - language station WXTV in 1968 .
Pineda was the lead news anchor on WXTV until 1988 , when he became host of the first Spanish - language local interview program in the tri - state area , Punto y Aparte until it ended a year later , in 1989 .
He led WXTV to first place among New York 's Spanish language newscasts and was the first Spanish - speaking news anchor to interview both political figures and celebrities , such as Bill Clinton and Desi Arnaz .
The Battle of Stamford Bridge took place at the village of Stamford Bridge , East Riding of Yorkshire , in England on 25 September 1066 , between an English army under King Harold Godwinson and an invading Norwegian force led by King Harald Hardrada and the English king 's brother Tostig Godwinson .
The battle has traditionally been presented as symbolising the end of the Viking Age , although major Scandinavian campaigns in Britain and Ireland occurred in the following decades , such as those of King Sweyn Estrithson of Denmark in 1069 – 1070 and King Magnus Barefoot of Norway in 1098 and 1102 – 1103 .
It lives from northern Argentina , through Central America , and into the lower United States ( Texas , New Mexico , and Arizona ) .
Paul Marie Bonaparte ( February 19 , 1809 in Canino – September 7 , 1827 in Nafplio ) fought in the Greek War of Independence .
Paul Marie Bonaparte was the third child of Lucien Bonaparte and Alexandrine de Bleschamp .
In March 1827 he secretly left the city , and under an assumed name , went to Greece to take part in the Greek War of Independence .
Arriving first at the Ionian Islands , Bonaparte was welcomed August 24 at Poros by the British Admiral Cochrane , who was entrusted with command of the Greek fleet .
Bonaparte served on the flagship frigate Hellas , which after a series of unsuccessful operations stood off in the strait of the island Spetses .
On 6 September 1827 , on board the Hellas , Bonaparte was mortally wounded while cleaning his own gun and died the day after .
After the end of the war in 1832 , Bonaparte was buried in a mausoleum on the island of Sphacteria , close to the French sailors who fell in the Battle of Navarino .
Equo ( also spelled Q , or eQuo ) is a Spanish political party founded on 4 June 2011 , when 35 different Spanish green parties agreed to merge into EQUO .
The first election it contested was the Spanish general election , 2011 , obtaining 216,748 votes ( 0.9 % ) , making it the 9th most supported party .
The party was fifth in Madrid , achieving representation thanks to the Valencian coalition Compromís - Q , in which EQUO participated .
In Catalonia , the European Green Party is represented by the Initiative for Catalonia Greens .
At the national elections of 20 December 2015 EQUO joined the list of Podemos .
This resulted in seats for three EQUO candidates : Juantxo López de Uralde , Rosa Martínez and Jorge Luis Bail .
In 1960 , the Directorio was relaunched in opposition to Fidel Castro and moved its base to the United States , where it soon developed links with the Central Intelligence Agency .
As of 1963 it was the largest anti - Castro student group in Miami ; it also had a chapter in New Orleans , where it had contact with Lee Harvey Oswald in mid-1963 .
The group lost its CIA support in December 1966 .
It was used by AOL 's AIM instant messaging system and ICQ .
Google also provided the ability to sign into AIM network via the Google Talk client built into Gmail .
The Edict of Nantes ( French : édit de Nantes ) , signed in April 1598 by King Henry IV of France , granted the Calvinist Protestants of France ( also known as Huguenots ) substantial rights in the nation , which was still considered essentially Catholic at the time .
The Edict of St. Germain , promulgated 36 years before by Catherine de Médici , had granted limited tolerance to Huguenots but was overtaken by events , as it was not formally registered until after the Massacre of Vassy on 1 March 1562 , which triggered the first of the French Wars of Religion .
The later Edict of Fontainebleau , which revoked the Edict of Nantes in October 1685 , was promulgated by Louis XIV , the grandson of Henry IV .
Charles Morgridge Loring ( November 13 , 1833 – March 18 , 1922 ) was an American businessman , miller and publicist .
Raised in Maine to be a sea captain , Loring instead became a civic leader in Minneapolis , Minnesota where he was a wealthy flour miller and in Riverside , California where he helped to build the first city hall .
The city built what has been called , " the best - located , best - financed , best - designed , and best - maintained public open space in America . "
WTOL is a CBS - affiliated television station licensed to Toledo , Ohio , United States .
It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on virtual and VHF channel 11 from a transmitter on Cedar Point Road in Oregon , Ohio , and can be seen throughout northwest Ohio , southeast Michigan ( including Detroit ) , and southwestern Ontario , Canada ( including Windsor and Essex County , where it was carried by Cogeco cable systems along with ABC affiliate WTVG [ channel 13 ] and NBC affiliate WNWO - TV [ channel 24 ] until 2009 ) .
WTOL is owned by Raycom Media , which also operates Fox affiliate WUPW ( channel 36 ) through a shared services agreement ( SSA ) with owner American Spirit Media .
The two stations share studios on North Summit Street in downtown Toledo .
Strand Street is one of the main streets in the central business district of Cape Town , South Africa .
It runs northwest - southeast through the centre from Green Point to Woodstock , passing the Golden Acre shopping centre , the Cape Town railway station , the Lutheran Church in Strand Street , the Koopmans - de Wet House , and the Castle of Good Hope .
Originally , in the vicinity of the Castle , Strand Street ran along the Table Bay shore - " strand " being the Dutch and Afrikaans word for " beach " - but land reclamation to create the Foreshore and the modern Port of Cape Town has moved the shoreline about a kilometre to the northeast .
East of the city centre , Strand Street passes under the N2 freeway , to which it is connected by ramps .
It continues as New Market Street and then Albert Street , eventually becoming Voortrekker Road , the original road route from Cape Town to Bellville and the interior .
West of the centre it becomes High Level Road to Sea Point .
The Democratic Party ( Partido Democrático ) of Chile was a Chilean political party created by a left - wing faction of the Democrat Party in 1932 .
It was created by a leftist faction of the Democrat Party , which opposed the right - wing group that officially supported the government of Arturo Alessandri .
In 1941 , they merged with the Democrat Party .
In the 1940s again were divided in the Democratic Party of Chile and the People 's Democratic Party .
The party was dissolved in 1960 , when meeting with other organizations to form the National Democratic Party ( PADENA ) .
Rudolf Wolters ( August 3 , 1903   – January 7 , 1983 ) was a German architect and government official , known for his longtime association with fellow architect and Third Reich official Albert Speer .
A friend and subordinate of Speer , Wolters received the many papers which were smuggled out of Spandau Prison for Speer while he was imprisoned there , and kept them for him until Speer was released in 1966 .
After Speer 's release , the friendship slowly collapsed , Wolters objecting strongly to Speer 's blaming of Hitler and other Nazis for the Jewish Holocaust and World War II , and they saw nothing of each other in the decade before Speer 's death in 1981 .
Wolters , who was born to a Catholic middle - class family in the northern German town of Coesfeld , obtained his degree and doctorate in architecture from the Technical University of Berlin , forging a close friendship with Speer while a student .
In 1937 , Speer hired him as a department head , and Wolters soon took major responsibility for Hitler 's plan for the large scale reconstruction of Berlin .
When Speer became Minister of Armaments and War Production in 1942 , Wolters moved to his department , remaining his close associate .
After Speer 's indictment and imprisonment for war crimes , Wolters stood by him .
In addition to receiving and organizing Speer 's clandestine notes from Spandau , which later served as the basis of his best - selling books of memoirs , Wolters quietly raised money for Speer .
These funds were used to support Speer 's family and for other purposes , according to directions which Wolters received from his former superior .
Following Speer 's release in 1966 , their friendship gradually deteriorated , until the two men became so embittered that Wolters allowed papers demonstrating Speer 's knowledge of the persecution of the Jews to become public in 1980 .
Wolters was involved in the reconstruction of West Germany following World War II , rebuilding his hometown of Coesfeld among many other projects .
Wolters wrote several architectural books during the war , as well as a biography of Speer .
Nakiska is a ski resort in western Canada , in the Kananaskis Country region of the province of Alberta .
It is located from Calgary , west on Highway 1 ( Trans - Canada Highway ) and south on Highway 40 ( Kananaskis Trail ) .
Nakiska is owned by Resorts of the Canadian Rockies , which also owns the Fernie , Kimberley , Kicking Horse Mountain Resort , Mont Sainte Anne , and Stoneham ski resorts .
The Central Line ( ) is a long railway line between Sundsvall and Storlien in central Sweden ( Västernorrland County and Jämtland County ) .
It continues as the long Meråker Line through Norway to Hell Station and onwards to Trondheim .
Kealoha represented the United States at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp , Belgium as a 17-year - old .
Bernhard Siebken ( 4 April 1910 – 20 January 1949 ) was a German SS commander during World War II and a convicted war criminal .
In 1959 , for example , the convention of the lobby group and revisionist organisation of former Waffen - SS members , HIAG , concluded with " comrades gathering around [ Siebken 's ] tomb " and laying a wreath .
He took part in the invasion of Poland in 1939 and went on to serve on the Eastern Front .
Medical Center is an island platformed Washington Metro station in Bethesda , Maryland , United States .
The station was opened on August 25 , 1984 , and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority ( WMATA ) .
Providing service for the Red Line , the station serves the National Institutes of Health campus and the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center and is located at Rockville Pike and South Drive .
Its opening coincided with the completion of of rail northwest of the Van Ness – UDC station and the opening of the Bethesda , Friendship Heights , Grosvenor and Tenleytown stations .
In September 2009 , Montgomery County submitted a $ 20 million federal grant application to build a pedestrian tunnel under Rockville Pike to improve access to the Medical Center stop from Walter Reed Medical Center .
Currently , there is only a crosswalk here , with many passengers crossing the heavily travelled street from Walter Reed on the east side of MD 355 to get to the station on the west side .
The project is fully funded at $ 68 million , mostly through the Department of Defense , and includes installation of new deep elevators , improvement of surface bicycle and pedestrian facilities , as well as an extension of the left turn lane on southbound MD 355 .
Dolleman Island is a rounded , ice - covered island , long , lying east of Cape Boggs , off the east coast of Palmer Land .
It was discovered in 1940 by members of East Base of the US Antarctic Service .
In 1942 , when Dolleman was stationed at Westover Field , Massachusetts , he won the Soldier 's Medal with an oak leaf cluster for his participation in two polar rescue missions .
Lambda Archives of San Diego is a collection of LGBT historical materials in San Diego , California , United States .
Lambda Archives’ primary focus is Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , and Transgender ( LGBT ) history and culture in the San Diego County , Tijuana ( Baja California , Mexico ) Region .
President Frank Nobiletti has brought in a considerable number of student volunteers from San Diego State University .
WhatDoTheyKnow is a site by mySociety designed to help people in the United Kingdom make Freedom of Information requests .
The site was originally available only in English but a partially translated Welsh version was added in 2013 .
Around 15 % to 20 % of requests to UK Central Government are made through WhatDoTheyKnow.com .
WhatDoTheyKnow has been described by The Guardian as " an idiot 's guide to making a freedom of information request . "
Each act and resolution of Congress is originally published as a slip law , which is classified as either public law ( abbreviated Pub . L. )
The session law publication for U.S. Federal statutes is called the United States Statutes at Large .
Gaali Gopura ( ) is a 1962 Kannada film directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu .
B. R. Panthulu made the film simultaneously in Telugu as Gaali Medalu with N. T. Rama Rao .
Paul Rand Dixon ( 29 September 1913 - 2 May 1996 ) was a decorated World War II veteran , chairman and commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission of the United States from 1961 to 1969 and again briefly in 1976 .
After his chairmanship , Dixon continued to serve as a commissioner of the FTC until 1981 .
Dixon was on the FTC staff from 1930 to 1957 , except for Naval service during World War II .
Dixon served in the U.S. Navy from 1942 - 1945 .
Mathias Larsen Blilie ( 2 October 1854 – ? ? )
was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party and the Liberal Left Party .
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1907 , representing the Liberal Party and the constituency of Toten .
Born in Vestre Toten , his father Lars Kristian Blilie was a member of Parliament too .
Mathias Blilie worked as a farmer , and was also director of the local savings bank and insurance company for some time .
He served as mayor of Vestre Toten from 1902 to 1907 , and when the municipality Eina was created in 1908 , he served as its first mayor .
The City of Ember is a post - apocalyptic science fiction novel by Jeanne DuPrau that was published in 2003 .
The young protagonist , Lina Mayfleet , and her friend , Doon Harrow ( the second protagonist ) , follow clues left behind by the original builders of the City of Ember , to safety in the outside world .
It is the first " Book of Ember " in the eponymous series , which also includes The People of Sparks , The Prophet of Yonwood ( a prequel ) , and the final installment , The Diamond of Darkhold .
Guy , Bishop of Amiens ( d.1075 ) was an eleventh - century churchman , in what is now the north - east of France .
Although the genealogy of early Ponthieu and Boulogne is scanty ( and the 12th century versions unreliable , because of their efforts to tie the ruling houses of Boulogne and Ponthieu into earlier noble houses ) , it is most likely that Guy , the Bishop of Amiens , was the uncle ( and not the brother ) of Enguerrand II and his brother Guy I of Ponthieu .
Count Enguerrand II 's and Guy I 's father Hugh II was the son of Enguerrand I by an earlier marriage : Enguerrand I evidently married a Boulognnais countess , the wife of Arnold II , who died in battle : from this later marriage came Guy and his brother Fulk ( later abbot of Forest l'Abbaye ) , and probably a Robert .
Helen Mary Southworth ( born 13 November 1956 ) is a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom .
She is the former Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Warrington South , and was first elected at the 1997 general election .
She retained the Warrington South seat at the 2001 and 2005 general elections , each time with a reduced majority .
The seat that she vacated was subsequently won for the Conservative Party by David Mowat .
She was the only person to have won successive elections in the constituency until her successor , Conservative David Mowat , won the 2015 General Election with an increased majority .
Fairfax Media Limited ( formerly John Fairfax and Sons ) is a media company in Australia and New Zealand , with investments in newspaper , magazines , radio and digital properties .
The company was founded by John Fairfax , who purchased The Sydney Morning Herald in 1841 .
The Fairfax family retained control of the business until late in the 20th century .
The company also owns regional and other major Australian newspapers , including The Age , Australian Financial Review and Canberra Times , majority stakes in property business Domain Group and the Macquarie Radio Network , and joint ventures in streaming service Stan and online publisher HuffPost Australia .
On 26 July 2018 , Fairfax Media and Nine Entertainment Co. announced they had agreed on terms for a merger between the two companies to become Australia 's largest media company .
Shareholders in Nine Entertainment Co. will own 51.1 percent of the combined entity and Fairfax shareholders will own 48.9 percent .
The Skirmish of the Berlin Schloss ( German : Weihnachtskämpfe or Weihnachtsaufstand i.e.
Christmas eve struggle or rebellion ) was a small skirmish between the socialist revolutionary Volksmarinedivision and regular German army units on 24 December 1918 during the German Revolution of 1918 – 19 .
It took place around the Berlin Schloss also known as " Stadtschloss " in the centre of Berlin , Germany .
The fighting was the immediate cause for the more radical members to leave the revolutionary government and caused resentment among the workers against the Social Democratic government of Friedrich Ebert .
Anakpawis is a party - list in the Philippines .
The party - list is the electoral wing of the radical trade union movement Kilusang Mayo Uno and the peasant group Kilusang Mangbubukid ng Pilipinas .
In the 2004 elections for the House of Representatives the party - list obtained 538,396 votes ( 4.2320 % of the nationwide vote ) and two seats ( Crispin B. Beltran and Rafael V. Mariano ) .
" Ode to the Bouncer " is a song written , performed and produced by electropop group Studio Killers .
Dyna Mink and Goldie Foxx composed the tune , while the lyrics were made by vocalist Chubby Cherry .
The single was first issued on 6 April 2011 as the lead single from Studio Killers ' self - titled debut studio album , which was later released in 2013 .
The single was the most successful in the Netherlands , where it was number one on charts such as the Dutch Top 40 and Mega Single Top 100 and went gold .
In the 2017 Chief Executive election , Lam won the three - way election with 777 votes of the 1,194-member Election Committee as the Beijing - favoured candidate , beating former Financial Secretary John Tsang and retired judge Woo Kwok - hing , becoming the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong .
Created by Gene Roddenberry , the science fiction television series ( which eventually acquired the retronym Star Trek : The Original Series ) starred William Shatner as Captain James T. Kirk , Leonard Nimoy as Mr. Spock , and DeForest Kelley as Dr. Leonard " Bones " McCoy aboard the fictional Federation starship USS Enterprise .
The original , single - disc DVD releases placed the episodes by production order , with " The Cage " on the final disc .
This popularity would eventually lead to the expansion of the Star Trek catalog , which as of 2017 includes six more television series and thirteen Trek motion pictures .
The remastered episodes began with " Balance of Terror " ( along with , in some markets , " ") during the weekend of September 16 , 2006 , and ended with " The Cage " , which aired during the weekend of May 2 , 2009 .
Joseph Meyer ( US publisher ) , publisher of the New York Observer since 2016 , brother - in - law of Jared Kushner
Anna - Lisa Björling , née Emy Anna - Lisa Berg ( March 15 , 1910 – November 24 , 2006 ) , was a Swedish opera singer and actress .
She was married to tenor , Jussi Björling , from 1935 until his death in 1960 .
Born in Stockholm , Anna - Lisa was a soprano who had studied at the Royal Swedish Academy of Music .
After her marriage to Jussi Björling in 1935 , Anna - Lisa focused on her family life and their children for ten years .
When the children were older she resumed her musical studies , and made a very successful comeback at the Royal Swedish Opera in 1948 , where she performed various roles until the late 1960s .
In Sweden and occasionally abroad , she performed duets with her husband Jussi Björling , for television specials and other events .
Fanderson is the official appreciation society for the works of British film and television producers Gerry and Sylvia Anderson .
It is a not - for - profit organisation endorsed by ITV Studios Global Entertainment , ITC Entertainment Group , The Indestructible Production Company and Anderson Entertainment .
Based in the United Kingdom , but with an international membership , the club is run by a small committee of unpaid volunteers .
Gerard Dillon ( 191614 June 1971 ) was an Irish artist .
Born in Belfast , he left school at the age of fourteen and for seven years worked as a painter and decorator , mostly in London .
William Wilkie Collins ( 8 January 1824 – 23 September 1889 ) was an English novelist , playwright , and short story writer .
His best - known works are The Woman in White ( 1859 ) , No Name ( 1862 ) , Armadale ( 1866 ) and The Moonstone ( 1868 ) .
The last is considered the first modern English detective novel .
After his first novel , Antonina , was published in 1850 , he met Charles Dickens , who became a close friend , mentor and collaborator .
Some of Collins 's works were first published in Dickens ' journals All the Year Round and Household Words and the two collaborated on drama and fiction .
Collins was critical of the institution of marriage and never married ; he split his time between Caroline Graves , except for a two - year separation , and his common - law wife Martha Rudd , with whom he had three children .
Ampato ( possibly from Quechua hamp'atu or from Aymara jamp'atu , both meaning " frog " ) is a dormant stratovolcano in the Andes of southern Peru .
It lies about northwest of Arequipa and is part of a north - south chain that includes the volcanoes Hualca Hualca and Sabancaya , the last of which has been active in historical time .
The City of Thuringowa ( ) was a city and local government area in North Queensland , Australia covering the northern and western parts of what is now Townsville .
The suburb of Thuringowa Central is the main business centre in this area .
Prior to its proclamation as a city on 1 January 1986 , Thuringowa was a large rural shire , almost surrounding the City of Townsville .
In 2007 the Queensland Government recommended that the Thuringowa City Council and the Townsville City Council be merged as part of the review of councils and boundaries , with the merged entity to be referred to as the Townsville City Council and the city being called the New Townsville City .
Michel Étienne Descourtilz ( 25 November 1777 , Boiste near Pithiviers – 1835 , Paris ) , was a French physician , botanist and historiographer of the Haitian Revolution .
He was the father of illustrator Jean - Théodore Descourtilz , with whom he sometimes collaborated .
In 1803 he returned to France , worked as a physician in a hospital at Beaumont and served as president of the Paris Linnean Society .
American Girls were an American all - women band based in California , United States .
After some personnel changes and more rehearsing , the band sustained many comparisons to the Go - Go 's , who were popular at the time as well as signed to the same label , IRS Records .
Their song " Androgynous " appeared in the 1986 film Tough Guys , American Girl appeared on the soundtrack for Out of Bounds .
Miles Copeland III ( brother of the Police 's Stewart Copeland ) was the band 's manager .
Predrag Jokić ( born 3 February 1983 in Kotor ) is a Montenegrin 1.88 m tall water polo player .
He is a member of the Montenegro men 's national water polo team at the 2008 Summer Olympics , 2012 Summer Olympics , and the 2016 Summer Olympics .
Jokić was the flag bearer for Montenegro during the closing ceremony of the 2016 Summer Olympics .
At the 2004 Olympics , he won a silver as a member of Serbia and Montenegro team .
Nicholas II Sanudo ( or Niccolò ; died aft .
1374 ) , called Spezzabanda , was the Lord of Gridia ( a fief in Andros ) and eighth Duke of the Archipelago as the consort of his cousin Florence Sanudo , with whom he reigned until her death .
Nicholas was a son of Guglielmazzo Sanudo , Lord of Gridia .
Florence 's first marriage was to Giovanni dalle Carceri , but he died in 1358 , without issue .
There she was forced to marry in 1364 her cousin Nicholas Spezzabanda .
By his cousin , he left only daughters : Maria , who inherited Andros , and Elisabetta Sanudo .
Balaclava railway station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria , Australia .
It is an elevated station located above the Carlisle Street rail overpass .
In the context of the recent African origin of modern humans , the Southern Dispersal scenario ( also the coastal migration hypothesis ) refers to the early migration along the southern coast of Asia , from the Arabian peninsula via Persia and India to Southeast Asia and Oceania .
The coastal route theory is primarily used to describe the initial peopling of the Arabian peninsula , India , Southeast Asia , New Guinea , Australia , Near Oceania , coastal China , and Japan between roughly 70,000 to 60,000 years ago .
The group would have travelled along the coastal route around Arabia and Persia to India relatively rapidly , within a few thousand years .
From India , they would have spread to Southeast Asia ( " Sundaland " ) and Oceania ( " Sahul " ) .
Tautira is a Polynesian beach village , valley , and point on the south - east coast of the island of Tahiti in the Pacific .
With a population of 2338 ( in 2007 ) , it is located 49 kilometres southeast of the Tahitian capital of Papeete on the coast of Tautira Bay , at the end of what is the largest valley of the Taiarapu Peninsula .
Domingo de Bonechea visited the area in 1772 and attempted to spread Christianity here ; James Cook landed at Tautira Bay during his voyage .
Albert Tatlock is a fictional character on the British television soap opera Coronation Street .
Although Albert was never close to his daughter Beattie , he maintained close ties with his brother Alfred 's family , particularly his niece Valerie , who married Albert 's neighbour Ken Barlow in 1962 .
The Devon and Cornwall County Division was a County Division of the British Army created during the Second World War .
It was formed on 28 February 1941 , from recently recruited soldiers , in response to the renewed threat of a German invasion .
The 10,000-strong division was a static formation , lacking transport , intended to defend possible landing sites along the southern Cornish and Devon coastlines from invading German troops .
During mid-1941 , Germany launched a massive invasion of the Soviet Union , which practically eliminated the threat of an invasion of the United Kingdom .
The Devon and Cornwall County Division ceased to exist on 1 December , but was subsequently reformed as the 77th Infantry Division .
Professor James Katorobo is a former United Nations diplomat from Uganda and a former lecturer at Makerere University in Kampala .
Katorobo was chief technical adviser at the United Nations headquarters in New York in charge of the Management , Development , and Governance Division under the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) .
He worked out of Nairobi , Kenya , owing to the violence in the Horn of Africa .
Black House is a horror novel by American writers Stephen King and Peter Straub .
Published in 2001 , it is the sequel to The Talisman .
This is one of King 's numerous novels , which also include Hearts in Atlantis and Insomnia , that tie in with the Dark Tower series .
A chapter of the book is written around Edgar Allan Poe 's poem " The Raven " .
A Caribbean Mystery is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 16 November 1964 and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company the following year .
It features the detective Miss Marple .
Two reviewers at the time the novel was published said that Agatha Christie was returning to the top of her form .
Major - General Aye Kyaw was Minister of Information in Burma between June 1995 and September 1997 .
The poet laureate Soe Nyunt was Deputy Minister of Information throughout his term of office .
In July 1995 the Burmese opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi was allowed to appear in public .
By 1910 , Smith had joined the 8th Regiment of the Illinois National Guard and was stationed at Peoria , Illinois .
Thora Margraff Plitt Hardy ( 31 July 1902 – 1 January 1993 ) was a US chemist born in Switzerland .
A cash award is made available at the University of Missouri by an endowment established by Thora Hardy in memory of her husband , John I. Hardy .
Subsequently she worked with the US Government , first with the National Bureau of Standards and then at the Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) until she left in 1951 .
Greatest Hats is the first compilation album by the Canadian new wave / synthpop group Men Without Hats , released in 1996 .
A slightly modified version of the album was released in the US in 1996 , entitled Collection .
It dropped the tracks " Freeways ( Euromix ) " , " On Tuesday " and " Sideways " in favor of " Messiahs Die Young " , " Moonbeam " , " Hey Men " and an extended version of " I Got the Message " .
The two compilations have ten tracks in common , these being " The Safety Dance " , " Living in China " , " Antarctica " , " I Got the Message " , " I Like " , " Where Do the Boys Go " , " Pop Goes the World " , " Editions of You " and the club mixes of " The Safety Dance " and " Where Do the Boys Go ? " .
The Canadian version adds " Freeways " , " On Tuesday " and " Sideways " , while the US version includes " Messiahs Die Young " , " Moonbeam " , " Hey Men " and the club mix of " I Got the Message " .
" Editions of You " was recorded in March 1985 and had not been previously released .
Andrea Ferrante ( born 16 August 1968 , Palermo , Italy ) is an Italian composer whose music is performed throughout Europe , Asia and the Americas and published by Videoradio and Rai Trade Labels , Edizioni Carrara and Edizioni Simeoli .
The Abandonment of the Jews : America and the Holocaust 1941–1945 , published in 1984 , is an influential book by David S. Wyman , former Josiah DuBois professor of history at the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
Nathalie Bernard ( born 17 August 1985 ) is a South African - born New Zealand former swimmer , who specialised in freestyle events .
She is a single - time Olympian ( 2004 ) , and a member of North Shore Swim Club in Auckland , under head coach Thomas Ansorg .
Bernard qualified for the women 's 4 × 200 m freestyle relay , as a member of the New Zealand team , at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Cetate ( " citadel " ) may refer to several places in Romania :
Cetate , Dolj , a commune in Dolj County , the location of the Battle of Cetate , fought during the Crimean War , in which an Ottoman force under Ahmed Pasha attempted to capture the village , but were unsuccessful
Cetate Stadium AKA Stadionul Cetate ( Alba Iulia ) , a stadium in Alba Iulia , on the Mureş River in Alba County , Transylvania
Cetate Deva AKA CNS Cetate Deva , a Romanian professional football club from Deva , Hunedoara County , founded in 2013 , which plays in the above stadium
Cetate , Timișoara , a district in Timișoara , Timiș County
Cetate Synagogue , a Jewish place of worship on Mărăşeşti Street ( Belváros in Hungarian , Innere Stadt in German ) in the above Cetate , Timișoara district
" Got to Have Faith " is a 2004 single released by the Swedish heavy metal band Europe .
It was released on September 15 , 2004 , and was the first single from the album Start from the Dark .
" Got to Have Faith " was co - written by vocalist Joey Tempest and guitarist John Norum , and was the first song written for Start from the Dark .
Ghost Rider , touching speeds over , zooms past Upplands Väsby , the Swedish suburb where the band was formed , at the end of the video .
The Newsroom is an American television drama series created by Aaron Sorkin , which premiered on the premium cable network HBO on June 24 , 2012 .
Jeff Daniels stars as Atlantis Cable News anchor Will McAvoy , who takes a mandatory leave of absence after a public tirade about America 's shortcomings during a political debate .
Seeing an opportunity to return to the glory days of televised news instead of ratings - driven infotainment , his boss Charlie Skinner ( Sam Waterston ) has hired Will 's ex - girlfriend MacKenzie McHale ( Emily Mortimer ) as the new executive producer .
The series is executive produced by Aaron Sorkin , Scott Rudin , and Alan Poul .
The Trugberg is a mountain in the Bernese Alps , located south of the Mönch in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
During their ascent of the Jungfrau in 1841 , a group of explorers including Pierre Jean Édouard Desor and Louis Agassiz for a while thought that the Trugberg , hiding the Jungfrau from sight , was their destination .
Northam Road is a major thoroughfare along the northern coast of the city of George Town in Penang , Malaysia .
It continues on from Gurney Drive towards Farquhar Street to the east .
Since the 1990s , Northam Road , along with Gurney Drive , has also emerged as George Town 's second Central Business District .
In the olden days , the northern coast of George Town was simply known as the ' North Beach ' .
British administrators , including the founder of Penang , Francis Light , were buried within the Old Protestant Cemetery near the eastern end of Northam Road .
As a result , Northam Road was also known as the Millionaire 's Row by the locals .
Northam Road is also home to some of the tallest skyscrapers in Penang , many of which house commercial enterprises like banks , insurance firms , property and car dealers , and other businesses .
Mary Tudor (; 18 March 1496 – 25 June 1533 ) was an English princess who was briefly Queen of France and later progenitor of a family that claimed the English throne .
The younger surviving daughter of Henry VII , King of England and Elizabeth of York , Mary became the third wife of Louis XII of France , more than 30 years her senior .
Following his death , she married Charles Brandon , 1st Duke of Suffolk .
The marriage , which was performed secretly in France , took place during the reign of her brother Henry VIII and without his consent .
Ida Mett ( born Ida Gilman , 20 July 1901 in Smarhoń , Imperial Russia – 27 June 1973 in Paris , France ) was a Belarusian - born anarchist and author .
Mett was an active participant in the Russian anarchist movement in Moscow , and was arrested by Soviet authorities for subversive activities and escaped soon thereafter .
From Russia , she fled to Poland , later Berlin , and eventually to Paris ( 1926 ) where she became active with Dielo Trouda Group and co - edited the Dielo Truda magazine .
Mett wrote The Kronstadt Commune , a history of the rebellion at Kronstadt , in 1948 .
Henry Gear was a business and politician in Newfoundland .
He represented Burin in the Newfoundland House of Assembly from 1894 to 1897 and from 1900 to 1913 .
The son of George Gear , he was born in St. John 's .
He was first elected to the Newfoundland assembly in an 1894 by - election .
His son Ernest also served in the Newfoundland assembly and was the last person elected to the assembly from the Dominion of Newfoundland .
James Randolph Hubbell ( 13 July 1824 – 26 November 1890 ) was an American politician from Ohio , serving as a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives .
He was born in Lincoln Township in Delaware County , Ohio .
After teaching school , he practiced law in London and Delaware , Ohio .
Hubbell served in the Ohio state House of Representatives during the years 1849 , 1858 – 59 and 1862 - 63 .
At the close of the American Civil War , Hubbell was the U.S. Representative from Ohio 's 8th District from 1865 to 1867 .
Hubbell died in Bellville ( Richland County ) , Ohio .
He was buried at Oak Grove Cemetery in Delaware , Ohio .
The Union Beach School System is a community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade from Union Beach , in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " CD " , the sixth - highest of eight groupings .
Public school students in ninth through twelfth grades attend Keyport High School in Keyport , as part of a sending / receiving relationship with the Keyport Public Schools .
Students have the choice , as well , to apply for Red Bank Regional High School for admission into its specialized programs .
Collaroy Plateau is a suburb of northern Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Collaroy Plateau is 22   kilometres north - east of the Sydney central business district , in the local government area of Northern Beaches Council and is part of the Northern Beaches region .
Collaroy Plateau was designated as a separate suburb in 1977 with a postcode of 2098 , but was reassigned as a locality within Collaroy in 1984 , with the postcode changing to 2097 as part of Collaroy .
In 2001 all localities were renamed Urban Places .
In 2011 Collaroy Plateau , along with Wheeler Heights , was re - established as a suburb by the Geographical Names Board of NSW , after lobbying by the community , who had never ceased considering it to be a suburb since its loss of that title in 1984 .
Collaroy Plateau has views of Sydney 's Northern Beaches , with parts of the suburb overlooking Collaroy Beach , Long Reef Beach , Narrabeen Beach and Narrabeen Lagoon .
Collaroy Beach is also the landing point of the PPC-1 submarine cable , one of three backhaul communication links connecting Australia to the wider Internet .
In 1981 , Judy Blume created the book to finance her KIDS Fund , which promotes communication between children and their parents .
Each page contains a quote from various Judy Blume books , such as Tiger Eyes , Forever , and Deenie .
It is found in Mongolia , Turkmenistan , south - eastern Kazakhstan and China ( Ningxia ) .
" There 's the Girl " is a song recorded by the American rock band , Heart .
It was composed by Holly Knight and Heart band member Nancy Wilson .
" There 's The Girl " was released in a remixed version as the third single from Heart 's ninth studio album , Bad Animals .
Like Heart 's 1986 # 1 single " These Dreams " , the lead vocals on " There 's the Girl " were performed by Nancy Wilson , rather than Ann Wilson ( though most fans did not realize this until the video was released or they saw the song performed live ) , the usual lead singer for the group .
Cape Arkona ( ) is a 45-metre - high cape on the island of Rügen in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
It forms the tip of the Wittow peninsula , just a few kilometres north of the Jasmund National Park .
The protected landscape of Cape Arkona , together with the fishing village of Vitt , belongs to the municipality of Putgarten and is one of the most popular tourist destinations on Rügen , receiving about 800,000 visitors annually .
Approximately one kilometre to the north - west , there is a point on the steep coast , known as the Gellort , which is a little further north .
The Supremes Sing Rodgers & Hart is the eleventh studio album released by The Supremes for Motown in 1967 .
Originally intended as a double album , The Supremes Sing Rodgers & Hart was halved before Motown issued it in May 1967 .
In 1986 , two unreleased tracks from the Rodgers & Hart sessions were included in the Diana Ross & the Supremes ' 25th Anniversary collection .
Several more were included alongside the original twelve LP tracks on The Rodgers & Hart Collection , an expanded compact disc collection released by Motown in 1987 .
All of the sessions , including a bonus live recording , were included on the 2002 Motown / Universal release The Supremes Sing Rodgers & Hart : The Complete Recordings .
After a few efforts , including a final in the 2012 US Open and the semifinals of the 2008 and 2013 French Opens , Soares finally won his first Grand Slam title at the 2016 Australian Open , partnering Jamie Murray and then followed that up with a second men 's doubles title at the 2016 US Open .
He has also won three Grand Slam titles in Mixed Doubles , two at the US Open , in 2012 and 2014 , and one at the Australian Open in 2016 .
The Sorcerer 's Hat was the icon of Disney 's Hollywood Studios , the third of four theme parks built at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake , Florida , from 2001 to 2015 .
The structure was inspired by " The Sorcerer 's Apprentice " segment in Walt Disney 's 1940 animated film , Fantasia .
With its opening on September 28 , 2001 , it replaced the Earffel Tower as the park 's icon in marketing material .
Elena Carter Richardson ( 26 December 1948 – 4 February 2006 ) was an American ballerina and dance instructor .
Born and raised in Mexico City , Mexico , she trained at the Academia de Ballet de Coyoacán , going on to be a principal dancer at Compania Nacional de Danza , and with Ballet Classico 70 .
She moved to Portland , Oregon and became a principal in Pacific Ballet Theatre and Oregon Ballet Theatre as well as a faculty member in the Performing Arts Program at Jefferson High School and at Da Vinci Arts Middle School .
The University of Illinois at Chicago ( UIC ) is a public research university located in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Its campus is in the Near West Side community area , adjacent to the Chicago Loop .
The second campus established under the University of Illinois system , UIC is also the largest university in the Chicago area , having approximately 30,000 students enrolled in 15 colleges .
UIC operates the largest medical school in the United States with research expenditures exceeding $ 412 million and consistently ranks in the top 50 U.S. institutions for research expenditures .
UIC competes in NCAA Division I Horizon League as the UIC Flames in sports .
The UIC Pavilion is home to all UIC basketball games .
Claude Stanley Choules (; 3 March 1901 – 5 May 2011 ) was an English - born military serviceman from Perth , Western Australia who at the time of his death was the oldest combat veteran of the First World War from England , having served with the Royal Navy from 1915 until 1926 .
After having emigrated to Australia he served with the Royal Australian Navy , from 1926 until 1956 , as a Chief Petty Officer and was a naturalised Australian citizen .
Frank Duval ( born 22 November 1940 , Berlin , as Frank Uwe Patz ) is a German composer , conductor , record producer , songwriter and singer .
Born into an artists ' family , he studied as an actor and dancer , but also sang with his sister , Maria .
During the 1980s , Duval released several soundtracks , as well as proper artist albums ( with occasional lyrical help from his wife , Kalina Maloyer ) .
Dos Reales is a Mexican restaurant chain found in the Midwest and Great Plains of the United States .
It operates as a franchise in the states of Kansas , Missouri and Illinois .
The first branch , located in Champaign , Illinois , was founded by Alvaro Quezada , his wife Leticia , and a group of friends and family .
Several years later , they began to expand operations into Illinois and into Kansas .
Today there are locations in Champaign , Illinois ; Charleston , Illinois ; Rockford , Illinois ; Loves Park , Illinois ; Columbia , Missouri ; Kansas City , Kansas ; Overland Park , Kansas and Shawnee , Kansas .
A location in Lenexa , Kansas closed in 2007 due to slow business and competition with the nearby Panzon 's .
Another location in Urbana , Illinois closed under similar circumstances .
The location in Kansas City , Kansas is named Sol Azteca , and the location in Charleston , Illinois is named Los Potrillos , but they are owned by the same group and feature the same menu .
Wabaningo is a small unincorporated community of Fruitland Township , Muskegon County in the U.S. state of Michigan .
It is situated where the White Lake flows through a short navigation channel into Lake Michigan at .
It was first called Sylvan Beach , but the post office , established in 1897 , was named Wabaningo , after a local Ottawa chief .
It was made a branch of the Whitehall office in 1954 .
Wabaningo is no longer an acceptable name for delivery , although Sylvan Beach is an acceptable name with the Whitehall ZIP code 49463 .
It is also the location of the White River Light station , which includes a lighthouse built in 1875 , which now houses a small lighthouse and maritime museum .
The Secret of the Nagas is the second novel of the Shiva trilogy series by the Indian author Amish Tripathi .
The story takes place in the imaginary land of Meluha and narrates how the inhabitants of that land are saved from their wars by a nomad named Shiva .
It begins from where its predecessor , The Immortals of Meluha , left off , with Shiva trying to save Sati from the invading Naga .
Later Shiva takes his troop of soldiers and travels far east to the land of Branga , where he wishes to find a clue to reach the Naga people .
Shiva also learns that Sati 's first child is still alive , as well as her twin sister .
Tripathi started writing The Secret of the Nagas while the first part of the trilogy was being released .
The book was released on 12 August 2011 , and was published by Westland Press .
As of June 2015 , over 2.5 million copies of the Shiva Trilogy have been sold at gross retail sales of over .
While it received praise for its " impressive conception " and story development , it also received criticism for Tripathi 's usage of non - literary language .
The Red Rover is a novel by American writer James Fenimore Cooper .
It was not published in the United States until January 9 , 1828 , in Philadelphia .
A contemporary reviewer in the North American Review noted how Cooper was particularly good at writing sea novels such as The Red Rover , the sea being his more natural element than what the author calls wilderness novels which focused on an Indian introducing a white man to the wilderness , like The Last of the Mohicans .
Their books appear around the time of the Angoulême International Comics Festival in France where they receive their first public exposure .
Actus Tragicus have published nine books and numerous series so far , as well as a special comics album , Dead Herring Comics , which featured an excerpt from Art Spiegelman 's In the Shadow of No Towers .
Doug Turner is the ex - Director of Engineering at Mozilla Corporation and long - time contributor to Mozilla .
The Mozilla Foundation hired Turner in December 2004 to work full - time on mobile projects such as Minimo and Mozilla Joey .
He was the Foundation 's 12th hire .
Turner was previously employed by Netscape before the creation of the Mozilla Foundation .
Collins was born in St. John 's , Newfoundland ( now Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada ) , and lived in Halifax , Nova Scotia for most of his life .
Stoddard Hurd Martin(1811 - 1865 ) was an American carpenter and master builder from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who served a single one - year term as a Freesoiler member of the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1849 .
He was a son of Stoddard Martin ( 1781 - 1868 ) of North Ferrisburgh , Vermont , and in a tradition made famous by Horace Greeley 's quote ' Go West , young man ' took a trail which led him eventually to Madison , Wisconsin , where he built a domicile which was one of the first in the future capital of the state .
Hypo Alpe - Adria - Bank S.p . A. also known as HBI was an Italian bank based in Tavagnacco , in the Province of Udine , Friuli – Venezia Giulia region .
The registered office of the bank was located in Udine .
As at 31 December 2014 , Hypo Italy was a subsidiary HBI - Bundesholding A.G. , a Vienna - based sub - holding company for the government of Austria .
The bank had 19 branches in Italy : Veneto ( 7 ) , Lombardy ( 6 ) and Friuli – Venezia Giulia ( 6 ) before the company closed all the branches on 23 December 2016 .
In 1989 , the first indigenous cases were reported as an outbreak in 146 infected heroin users in Yunnan province , near China 's southwest border .
Yunnan is the area most affected by HIV / AIDS in China .
In 1995 , the provinces of Sichuan and Xinjiang reported their first HIV cases , and by 1998 , the virus had spread all over China .
He was born in Richmond , Tasmania , Australia on 19 December 1857 .
The British Science Fiction Association was founded in 1958 by a group of British science fiction fans , authors , publishers and booksellers , in order to encourage science fiction in every form .
It is an open membership organisation costing £ 29 per year for UK residents and £ 20 for the unwaged .
The BSFA Awards are presented annually by the British Science Fiction Association , based on a vote of BSFA members and members of the British national SF convention ( Eastercon ) .
The BSFA also nominates two out of five of each year 's judging panel of the Arthur C. Clarke Award .
The Quba Mosque ( ) is a mosque in the outlying environs of Medina , Saudi Arabia .
According to legend , its first stones were positioned by Muhammad as soon as he arrived on his emigration from the city of Mecca to Medina , and the mosque was completed by his companions .
Viacheslav Aleksandrovich Malyshev ( 3 December 1902 – 20 February 1957 ) was one of leading figures of Soviet industry during the 1940s and 1950s .
Malyshev led a special commission to investigate the causes of the explosion that sank the Novorossiysk battleship at anchor at Sevastopol , used as an excuse to remove Nikolai Kuznetsov , an opponent of Nikita Khrushchev 's idea of a submarine - based navy , from commanding the Red Fleet and replace him with Sergey Gorshkov , who was much more obedient to the premier 's wishes .
Malyshev is buried at the Kremlin Wall , Red Square .
Luke Schenn ( born November 2 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Anaheim Ducks in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
His younger brother Brayden plays for the St. Louis Blues .
Marguerite ( Margot ) Ruddock ( 1907 – 1951 ) , who used the stage name Margot Collis , was an English actress , poet and singer .
During her marriage to Raymond Lovell she had an affair with Yeats .
She was married twice : first to John Collis , with whom she had a son , Michael , and secondly to Raymond Lovell , with whom she had a daughter , Simone Lovell .
In 1806 , as part of his wholescale re - ordering of the map of Europe , Emperor Napoléon I of the French upgraded the independent German duchy of Bavaria to full kingdom status .
As a result of the First World War , the German monarchies were abolished in 1918 and since then , Bavaria has not had a monarch .
Streeterville is a neighborhood in the Near North Side community area of Chicago , Illinois , United States , north of the Chicago River .
It is bounded by the river on the south , the Magnificent Mile portion of Michigan Avenue on the west , and Lake Michigan on the north and east , according to most sources , although the City of Chicago only recognizes a small portion of this region as Streeterville .
Tera Mera Ki Rishta is a 2009 Indian Punjabi language romantic drama film directed by Navaniat Singh and produced by Mukesh Sharma .
The movie was stated to be the costliest Punjabi movie ever made and was the first Punjabi movie to be shot in Switzerland .
Dormont is a borough in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania , United States and is part of the Pittsburgh Metro Area .
Dormont 's economic stability can be attributed to this diversity along with its close proximity to jobs in Downtown Pittsburgh , access to The " T " ( Pittsburgh Light Rail ) , diverse housing stock , and historically low crime rates .
It is famous for one of the largest municipal pools in Pennsylvania , the historic Dormont Pool .
Moses French Colby ( July 2 , 1795 – May 4 , 1863 ) was a doctor and politician in Canada East .
He ran unsuccessfully in 1841 for a seat in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada .
In 1832 , after qualifying as a physician in Lower Canada , Colby moved to Stanstead .
He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada for Stanstead in an 1837 by - election and served until March 27 , 1838 , when the province was put under the rule of a special council after the Lower Canada Rebellion .
The Anthony Power Development Scheme , part of the Pieman River power development scheme , was a proposed scheme for damming parts of the upper catchment of the Pieman River in Western Tasmania , Australia .
Proposed by the Hydro - Electric Commission of Tasmania , approved by the Tasmanian Government in 1983 , and environmental management established in 1984 , the scheme proposed the development of five dams across various rivers that drain the West Coast Range towards the Southern Ocean .
However , as a result of political and legal opinion that , most notably , saw the overturning of the proposed Franklin Dam in South West Tasmania , only one of the dams proceeded , the Anthony Dam and adjacent Anthony Levee , both across the Anthony River that formed Lake Plimsoll and enabled the creation of the Tribute Power Station .
Southside is the debut studio album by American R&B ; recording artist Lloyd .
It was released on July 20 , 2004 , by The Inc. Records and Def Jam Recordings ( see 2004 in music ) .
The singer teamed with several of record producers such as Chink Santana , Rodney Jerkins , Irv Gotti and Jasper Cameron , among others .
Boston is an American rock band from Boston , Massachusetts , who had their most notable successes during the 1970s and 1980s .
Boston 's best - known works include the songs " More Than a Feeling " , " Peace of Mind " , " Foreplay / Long Time " , " Rock and Roll Band " , " Smokin ' " , " Do n't Look Back " , " A Man I 'll Never Be " , and " Amanda " .
They have sold more than 75 million records worldwide , including 31 million albums in the United States , of which 17 million were from their self - titled debut album and seven million were for their second album , Do n't Look Back , making them one of the world 's best - selling artists .
Booming Back at You is the fifth studio album by Dutch electronic musician , remixer and producer Tom Holkenborg , better known as Junkie XL .
The album was moderately successful in the charts , reaching number eleven in the Billboard Top Electronic Albums and becoming Junkie 's first album to chart in the United States .
The song " More " has been featured in the soundtrack of video game , " Mad Pursuit " was featured in the film 21 and the video game UEFA Euro 2008 , and " Cities in Dust " was featured in the episode " Woman On the Verge " of the television series Gossip Girl and the video game Burnout Paradise .
Below is a list of the neighbourhoods and suburbs of Belgrade , the capital city of Serbia .
The City of Belgrade is divided into seventeen municipalities , of which ten are urban and seven suburban .
Six of these ten urban municipalities are completely within the bounds of Belgrade City Proper , while the remaining four have both urban and suburban parts .
In the majority of cases , especially in the old urban areas of Belgrade , the neighbourhoods and suburbs do n't have firm geographical or administrative boundaries .
This sometimes causes confusion even among Belgraders , as many have different views on where one neighbourhood or suburb ends and another begins .
Cases of this kind of contention include :
Boundaries shaped through history , in many cases overlapping ( Palilula – Hadžipopovac – Profesorska Kolonija ) .
Sub - neighbourhoods or parts of a larger neighbourhood ( Čukarica – Banovo Brdo – Čukarička Padina ) .
Different names for the same areas ( Englezovac – Savinac – Vračar ) .
Neighbourhoods of the same name stretching outside their own municipalities ( sometimes even with the same name : extreme west of the neighbourhood of Palilula ( Jevremovac ) belongs to the municipality of Stari Grad , not the municipality of Palilula ) .
Some are completely located in another municipality ( Selo Rakovica is located in the municipality of Voždovac , not in the municipality of Rakovica ) .
Inhabitants of one neighbourhood , even though geographically belonging to one area , consider themselves inhabitants of another ( Bežanija – Bežanijski Blokovi ) .
Members of the Commission who contributed significantly to the creation of the Declaration included Canadian John Peters Humphrey of the United Nations Secretariat , Eleanor Roosevelt of the United States ( who chaired the Drafting Committee ) , René Cassin of France , Charles Malik of Lebanon , P. C. Chang of Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , and Hansa Mehta of India among others .
The West Fork Salmon River is a tributary of the Salmon River in Clackamas County in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Beginning near Timberline Lodge at the base of Mount Hood in the Cascade Range , it flows generally south to meet the main stem Salmon near Red Top Meadow , slightly south of the intersection of U.S. Route 26 and Oregon Route 35 .
The entire course of the river , which has no named tributaries , lies within the Mount Hood National Forest .
The highest campground in the Mount Hood National Forest , it is near Timberline Lodge and offers access to trails for hiking and mountain biking .
KeyBank Pavilion ( originally Coca - Cola Star Lake Amphitheater ) is an outdoor amphitheater in Burgettstown , Pennsylvania , United States , 25 miles west of Pittsburgh .
It is owned and operated by Live Nation .
In 2000 , the name of the venue was changed to the Post - Gazette Pavilion after the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette bought the naming rights .
The facility has lost some business since the 2010 opening of Stage AE , which is located within the city of Pittsburgh on the North Shore next to Heinz Field .
In the 2013 legislative election the Social Democratic Party of Austria and the Austrian People 's Party lost 5 seats and 4 seats , respectively , but with a total of 99 seats they remained in majority .
The government consists of 7 ministers from the Social Democratic Party of Austria , 6 ministers from the Austrian People 's Party while 2 ministers are Independent .
Charles Fagan ( 1 October 1881 – 8 May 1974 ) was an Irish politician .
A farmer before entering politics , he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a National Centre Party Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Longford – Westmeath constituency at the 1933 general election .
In March 2017 , Van Lierde was allegedly attacked and robbed while training in Port Elizabeth , South Africa .
Franklin District was a New Zealand territorial authority that lay between the Auckland metropolitan area and the Waikato Plains .
As a formal territory it was abolished on 31 October 2010 and divided between Auckland Council in the Auckland Region ( 39.82 percent by land area ) to the north and Waikato and Hauraki districts in the Waikato Region ( 60.18 percent ) to the south and east .
The Auckland portion is now part of the Franklin ward , which also includes rural parts of the former Manukau City .
Before its abolition , it was administered from the town of Pukekohe .
Bust a Groove is a hybrid music / fighting video game for the Sony PlayStation released in 1998 .
The game was published by the Japanese video game developer Enix in Japan and brought to the U.S. by now - defunct 989 Studios and SCEE in Europe .
The sequel , Bust a Groove 2 , unlike its predecessor , was never released in Europe .
Look Mickey ( also known as Look Mickey ! )
is a 1961 oil on canvas painting by Roy Lichtenstein .
The painting was bequeathed to the Washington , D.C. , National Gallery of Art upon Lichtenstein 's death .
Sally Engelhard Pingree is an American philanthropist and a daughter of the industrialist Charles W. Engelhard Jr. and his wife , Jane ( the former Marie Annette Reiss Mannheimer ) .
Pingree is divorced from Sumner Pingree III , whom she married in 1978 .
Police Review ( also known as Jane 's Police Review ) was a weekly magazine for police officers in the United Kingdom , latterly published by Jane 's Information Group .
His work includes photographs of the official surrender of Japan aboard the , and a photograph of an American sergeant embracing a fellow soldier which was featured in Edward Steichen 's The Family of Man .
The journalist and author Otto Glagau led a journal , Der Kulturkämpfer , [ The Culture Warrior ] that propagated these ideas .
Melana Chasmata is the second full - length album by Swiss extreme metal band Triptykon , released through Prowling Death Records / Century Media Records on 14 April 2014 in Europe and on 15 April 2014 in North America .
It is the third time in his career he has collaborated with Thomas Fischer ; Giger also provided artwork for Fischer 's former band Celtic Frost 's first full - length , To Mega Therion , in 1985 , and to Triptykon 's debut Eparistera Daimones in 2010 .
It was Giger 's last album cover before his death , just one week before the album 's release .
A music video for the track " Aurorae " was released on 7 August 2014 .
Another video , to " Tree of Suffocating Souls " , was released on 17 November 2014 .
Song In The Sleep of Death is referring to Emily Brontë as about a lost love .
The Tikchik River is a stream , long , in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Beginning at Nishlik Lake in the Kuskokwim Mountains , it flows southeast into Tikchik Lake , north of Dillingham .
Tikchik Lake empties into the Nuyakuk River , a tributary of the Nushagak River , which flows to Nushagak Bay , an arm of Bristol Bay .
Water from Upnuk Lake flows about to join the river downstream of Nishlik Lake .
Both lakes and the river lie within Wood - Tikchik State Park , at the largest state park in the United States .
Alaska Fishing says the river " makes an exciting float ... with some potentially good fishing ... " .
Ilves Tampere is a Finnish football club , based in Tampere .
In the 2018 season they play in the Veikkausliiga , the highest level in Finland .
They play most of their domestic league games at the Tammela Stadium , with European matches and some domestic games played at the Ratina Stadium .
Ilves won the Finnish league championship in 1983 and the Finnish Cup in 1979 and 1990 .
In the late 1990 's , Ilves suffered financial trouble and its professional team was reformed into Tampere United before the 1999 season .
As a result , Tampere United inherited Ilves ' place in the second highest division , and Ilves continued to play in lower divisions , although they did not have a men 's team from 1999 to 2007 .
The Paulsboro Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through twelfth grade from Paulsboro , in Gloucester County , New Jersey , United States .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " A " , the lowest of eight groupings .
Students in ninth through twelfth grades from Greenwich Township attend the district 's high school as part of a sending / receiving relationship with the Greenwich Township School District .
Bru is an island in Rennesøy municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
The highest point on the island is the tall mountain , Brufjellet .
Antwerp ( , , ) is a city in Belgium , and is the capital of Antwerp province in Flanders .
With a population of 520,504 , it is the most populous city proper in Belgium .
Its metropolitan area houses around 1,200,000 people , coming in second behind Brussels .
Antwerp is on the River Scheldt , linked to the North Sea by the Westerschelde estuary .
The Port of Antwerp is one of the biggest in the world , ranking second in Europe and within the top 20 globally .
Pymatuning State Park is a Pennsylvania state park covering in Conneaut , North Shenango , Pine , Sadsbury , South Shenango , West Fallowfield and West Shenango Townships , Crawford County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Pymatuning State Park is the largest state park in Pennsylvania and contains the of Pymatuning Lake , three - quarters of which is in Pennsylvania and one - quarter of which is in Ohio .
There are two natural areas , Clark Island ( ) and Blackjack ( ) in the park .
Like all Pennsylvania state parks , admission to the Pymatuning State Park is free .
The northern access for Pymatuning State Park can be reached from U.S. Route 6 and the southern access is reached from U.S. Route 322 .
Pymatuning State Park was chosen by the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources ( DCNR ) and its Bureau of Parks as one of " 25 Must - See Pennsylvania State Parks " .
Franklin County Regional Airport , formerly known as Chambersburg Municipal Airport , is a general aviation airport located three miles ( 5   km ) north of the Borough of Chambersburg , in Franklin County , Pennsylvania , USA .
The airport is situated approximately 45 miles southwest of Harrisburg .
In 2004 , the Susquehanna Area Regional Airport Authority ( SARAA ) bought Franklin County Regional Airport and formed a Study Advisory Group ( SAG ) to develop a list of recommended improvements at the airport .
Surasu was a Malayalam – language playwright and actor from Kerala , India .
Surasu wrote the script for some Malayalam films such as Randu Penkuttikal .
Since 2004 , a drama festival is organised every year in Kozhikode , Kerala in memory of Surasu .
Karen Poole , is an English singer - songwriter , who gained initial fame with her sister , Shelly Poole , as the duo Alisha 's Attic .
She was born in Chadwell Heath , London , and is the daughter of 1960s vocalist Brian Poole , lead singer of the Tremeloes .
There are two known ice giants in the Solar System : Uranus and Neptune .
In the 1990s , it was realized that Uranus and Neptune are a distinct class of giant planet , separate from the other giant planets , Jupiter and Saturn .
Ice giants consist of only about 20 % hydrogen and helium in mass , as opposed to the Solar System 's gas giants , Jupiter and Saturn , which are both more than 90 % hydrogen and helium in mass .
Rena Dor (; 1917 – March 5 , 2000 ) was a Greek actress and a singer .
She was the wife of Kostas Hadjihristos .
Castroverde is a municipality in Lugo province , Spain .
Castroverde is located in the mid - northeast of the autonomous community of Galicia .
Baxter Creek or Stege Creek ( also archaically Bishop Creek ) , is a three - branch creek in Richmond and El Cerrito , California , United States forming the Baxter Creek watershed .
The creek has three sources and flows from the Berkeley Hills to Stege Marsh and the San Francisco Bay .
The creek has been largely culverted over the years since the Rancho San Pablo and the subdivided Bishop Ranch , then known as Bishop Creek , were urbanized .
Residents missed the creek when it disappeared under the asphalt and formed Friends of Baxter Creek .
Baxter Creek Park , Poinsett Park , and Booker T. Anderson Park are now in a more natural riparian condition , though the Anderson Park portion has been plagued by litter and shopping carts .
The Ohlone Greenway bicycle and pedestrian path has its northern terminus at Baxter Creek Gateway Park , located just north of where the BART tracks cross over San Pablo Avenue in Richmond .
Clover , who has been cited as the inspiration for writer Henry James 's Daisy Miller ( 1878 ) and The Portrait of a Lady ( 1881 ) , was married to writer Henry Adams .
After her suicide , he commissioned the famous Adams Memorial , which features an enigmatic androgynous bronze sculpture by Augustus Saint - Gaudens , to stand at the site of her , and his , grave .
Esporte Clube Vitória , usually known simply as Vitória , is a Brazilian football team from Salvador in Bahia , founded on May 13 , 1899 .
Mechelen ( , , traditional English name : Mechlin ) is a city and municipality in the province of Antwerp , Flanders , Belgium .
The Dyle ( ) flows through the city , hence it is often referred to as the ( " City on the river ") .
Mechelen lies on the major urban and industrial axis Brussels – Antwerp , about 25   km from each city .
Mechelen is one of Flanders ' prominent cities of historical art , with Antwerp , Bruges , Brussels , Ghent , and Leuven .
" The Revenge " is the seventh episode of the second season of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld , and the show 's 12th episode overall .
The story revolves around George Costanza 's ( Jason Alexander ) plot to exact revenge on his boss , with his friend Elaine Benes ' ( Julia Louis - Dreyfus ) help , after he quits his job at Rick Barr Properties and is refused re - employment .
Meanwhile , Jerry ( Jerry Seinfeld ) and his neighbor Kramer ( Michael Richards ) get even with a laundromat owner — who they believe has stolen money from Jerry — by pouring cement into one of his washing machines .
Written by series co - creator Larry David and directed by Tom Cherones , the episode premiered in the United States on NBC on April 18 , 1991 .
The Royal Australian Naval College ( RANC ) , HMAS Creswell , commonly known as Creswell , is the naval academy of the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) that consists of the RAN School of Survivability and Ship 's Safety , Kalkara Flight , the Beecroft Weapons Range and an administrative support department .
It is located between Jervis Bay Village and Greenpatch on the shores of Jervis Bay in the Jervis Bay Territory .
The current commanding officer of Creswell is Captain Charles Huxtable , RAN , who is also the Superintendent of Naval Waters for Jervis Bay and the lead authority for the conduct and management of Navy 's initial entry , leadership and management training around Australia .
Live & Inspired is the first live album to be released by the heavy metal band Godsmack .
Although released two years after their then latest studio album , The Oracle , the tracks were performed prior to the release of that album , thus none of its tracks show up on the set list .
Garnet Crow ( stylized as GARNET CROW ) was a Japanese pop / rock band formed in 1999 and associated with the Giza Studio record label .
Members include Yuri Nakamura , Hitoshi Okamoto , Nana Azuki , and Hirohito Furui , with Nakamura leading on vocals .
Music produced by Garnet Crow has its roots in the Neo Acoustic genre , and representative works include " Flying " , " Yume Mita Ato De " , and " Spiral " .
University of Madras is a public state university in Chennai ( formerly Madras ) , Tamil Nadu , India .
Established in 1857 , it is one of the oldest and premier universities in India .
The university was incorporated by an act of the Legislative Council of India .
It is a collegiate research university and has six campuses in the city viz . , Chepauk , Marina , Guindy , Taramani , Maduravoyal and Chetpet .
The National Assessment and Accreditation Council has conferred ' five star ' accreditation to the university and it has been given the status of ' University with Potential for Excellence ' by the University Grants Commission .
University of Madras is the alma mater of two Indian Physics Nobel Laureates , including Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar , five Presidents of India , including A.P.J.
Fabián A. González Amado ( born 1963 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) , know with his stage name Tweety González , is an Argentine musician and record producer .
Gustavo Cerati 's 2006 Ahí vamos album — in which Tweety participated — won the Latin Grammy for Best Rock Solo Vocal Album .
Perak Malay ( Standard Malay : Bahasa Melayu Perak ; Jawi script : بهاس ملايو ﭬﻴـراق ) is one of the Malay dialects spoken within the state of Perak , Malaysia .
Although it is neither the official language nor the standard dialect in the whole state of Perak , its existence which co - exists with other major dialects in the state of Perak still plays an important role in maintaining the identity of Perak .
In spite of the fact that there are five main dialects traditionally spoken in Perak , only one of which is intended by the name " Perak Malay " .
There are subtle phonetic , syntactic and lexical distinctions from other major Malay dialects .
Perak Malay can be divided into two sub - dialects , Kuala Kangsar and Perak Tengah , named after the daerah ( districts ) where they are predominantly spoken .
The Alexandrov Ensemble (; commonly known as the Red Army Choir in the West ) is an official army choir of the Russian armed forces .
The Ensemble has entertained audiences both in Russia and throughout the world , performing a range of music including folk tunes , hymns , operatic arias and popular music .
The group 's repertoire has included The Volga Boatmen 's Song , Katyusha , Kalinka , and Ave Maria .
Its formal name since 1998 has been A. V. Alexandrov Academic Song and Dance Ensemble of the Russian Army ( ) , shortened to Academic Ensemble ( ) on second reference .
On 25 December 2016 , its artistic director , Valery Khalilov , and 63 other members of the Ensemble were killed in the Russian Defence Ministry aircraft crash of a 1983 Tupolev Tu-154 into the Black Sea just after takeoff from the southern resort city of Sochi , Russia .
My Vision — Challenges in the Race for Excellence ( Arabic : رؤيتي .. التحديات في سباق التميز ) is a book co - authored by Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , ruler of Dubai and Vice - President of the United Arab Emirates .
The book of His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid , Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates and Ruler of Dubai , " My vision ..
Robert Humpston VC ( 1832 – 22 December 1884 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
His Victoria Cross is displayed at the Royal Green Jackets ( Rifles ) Museum at Winchester in England .
Jarmo Viinanen ( born February 23 , 1959 , Imatra ) was a Finnish ambassador to Sweden until 2016 , and was President of the UNICEF Executive Board in 2013 .
Between 2000 and 2005 , Viinanen served as the diplomatic adviser to Tarja Halonen , the 11th President of Finland , the Deputy Secretary General and Deputy Chief of Cabinet , as well as the Secretary - General and Chief of Cabinet to Halonen from 2005 - 2009 .
Between April 8 , 2009 and 2014 Viinanen held a position as the Permanent Representative of Finland to the United Nations .
Viinanen is known to have graduated from the University of Turku with a Master of Arts degree in political science in 1987 .
The Koala Brothers is an Australian - British - American stop - motion animated children 's television show that features the adventures of two koala brothers , Frank and Buster , as they seek to help their neighbours in a sleepy town in the Australian Outback .
Originally aired on ABC Kids ( Australia ) , the show later aired on CBeebies in the United Kingdom , having premiered on 1 September 2003 and Playhouse Disney in the United States , as well as various other international stations .
The Bern – Lötschberg – Simplon railway ( BLS ) , known between 1997 and 2006 as the BLS Lötschbergbahn , was a Swiss railway company .
In 2006 the company merged with Regionalverkehr Mittelland AG to form a new company called BLS AG .
The railway had not been built at the time that the Federal government took control of the five big Swiss standard gauge railway companies in 1902 and so it led a separate existence , being considered the largest of the Swiss " private " railways , although the majority of its capital was owned by the cantonal government of Bern , with the Confederation holding about one fifth .
The Pennsylvanian ( also known as Upper Carboniferous or Late Carboniferous ) is , in the ICS geologic timescale , the younger of two subperiods ( or upper of two subsystems ) of the Carboniferous Period .
The Pennsylvanian is named after the U.S. state of Pennsylvania , where the coal - productive beds of this age are widespread .
In Europe , the Mississippian and Pennsylvanian are one more - or - less continuous sequence of lowland continental deposits and are grouped together as the Carboniferous Period .
The current internationally used geologic timescale of the ICS gives the Mississippian and Pennsylvanian the rank of subperiods , subdivisions of the Carboniferous Period .
Munyoro Nyamau ( Hezekiah Munyoro Nyamau ; born December 5 , 1942   or December 6 , 1938 in Riangombe Nene , in Nyaribari Chache ) is a former Kenyan athlete and winner of the gold medal in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
He won inter - school championships in Kisii when he was 15 .
Etheostoma etowahae , the Etowah darter , is a rare species of fish in the perch family endemic to Georgia in the United States , where it occurs only in the Etowah River and two of its tributaries .
It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States .
It lives only in the Etowah River , and the tributaries Long Swamp and Amicalola Creek .
Balhannah is a town in the Adelaide Hills about 30   km southeast of Adelaide , the capital of South Australia .
It is on the main interstate railway between Adelaide and Melbourne .
In the past it was the junction for a branch line that ran up the Onkaparinga Valley and beyond to Birdwood and Mount Pleasant .
Much of Balhannah is along Onkaparinga Valley Road , although there are some other residential streets , and Greenhill Road terminates near the town centre .
The fruit cold store built in 1914 was one of the first in Australia and is still in use .
Purcell was born in Westminster , London , the only surviving son of the English Baroque master , Henry Purcell , who died in 1695 when Edward was a small child .
He was unsuccessful in his attempts to succeed his uncle Daniel Purcell as organist of St Andrew 's , Holborn , on 19 February 1718 and again on 3 April 1719 .
Amy Grant is an American singer - songwriter , musician , author , media personality and actress , best known for her Christian music .
As of 2009 , Grant remains the best - selling contemporary Christian music singer ever , having sold over 30 million units worldwide .
Grant made her debut as a teenager , and gained fame in Christian music during the 1980s with such hits as " Father 's Eyes , " " El Shaddai " , and " Angels " .
In 1986 , she scored her first number one charting Billboard Hot 100 hit song in a duet with Peter Cetera " The Next Time I Fall " .
During the 1980s and 1990s , she became one of the first gospel artists to cross over into mainstream pop on the heels of her successful albums Unguarded and Heart in Motion , the latter of which included the number - one single " Baby Baby . "
Grant has won six Grammy Awards , 22 Gospel Music Association Dove Awards , and had the first Christian album ever to go Platinum .
Heart in Motion is her highest selling album , with over five million copies sold in the United States alone .
The Second Battle of Dernancourt , known to the Germans as Unternehmen Sonnenschein ( Operation Sunshine ) , was fought on 5 April 1918 near Dernancourt in northern France during World War I.
It involved a German Army force attacking an Australian defending force , and resulted in the German capture of much of the forward sector of the Australian front line which ran along a railway line between Albert and Dernancourt .
The Australian 4th Division had been sent south to help stem the tide of the German Spring Offensive towards Amiens , and held a line west and north of the Ancre river .
An Australian counter - attack in the afternoon wrested the initiative from the Germans and their attack petered out , leaving the Australians still in possession of most of the high ground northwest of Dernancourt , barring the way to Amiens .
" Where 's Your Love " is a song by Craig David from his album , Greatest Hits .
William Lawrence " Bill " Morrison ( 3 November 1928 – 15 February 2013 ) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Australian House of Representatives and a Cabinet minister in the Whitlam government .
Morrison was born in Lithgow , New South Wales and graduated with an honours degree in economics from the University of Sydney in 1949 .
Råkvåg , ( ) or Råkvågen is a village in the municipality of Indre Fosen in Trøndelag county , Norway .
It is located at the inner part of the Stjørnfjorden in the northern part of what was the old municipality of Rissa .
It is about north of the village of Husbysjøen and about east of the village of Høybakken in the neighboring municipality of Bjugn .
Infinity at Brickell is a skyscraper in Miami , Florida , United States .
It is located in Downtown 's Brickell Financial District .
When it topped out , it was the 7th tallest building in Miami and Florida .
Although not in the same complex , it was built across the street from Infinity II site , hence its name .
The location is in southwestern Brickell , on South Miami Avenue near 13th Street .
" Yah Mo B There " is an R&B ; song by American singers James Ingram and Michael McDonald .
The song originally appeared on Ingram 's 1983 album It 's Your Night , released on Jones 's Qwest Records label .
12 in the Spring of 1985 in the UK ) , and has subsequently appeared on several of Ingram and McDonald 's greatest hits albums as well as various 1980s compilation albums .
It was one of a series of very successful duets involving Ingram .
It also received a nomination for Best R&B ; Song , losing to " I Feel for You " ( Prince ) .
Never Take Friendship Personal is the second album by alternative rock band Anberlin , released on February 1 , 2005 on Tooth & Nail Records .
Its singles were " A Day Late " and " Paperthin Hymn " and music videos have been made of each .
" ( The Symphony of ) Blasé " is sometimes referred to as " Amsterdam " .
The song " Dance , Dance Christa Päffgen " was inspired by multi - talented artist Nico , whose given name was Christa Päffgen .
Street Survivors is the fifth studio album by Southern rock band , Lynyrd Skynyrd , released on October 17 , 1977 .
The LP is the last Skynyrd album recorded by original members Ronnie Van Zant and Allen Collins , and is the sole Skynyrd studio recording by guitarist Steve Gaines .
Three days after the album 's release , the band 's chartered airplane crashed en route to Baton Rouge , Louisiana , killing the pilot , co - pilot , the group 's assistant road - manager and three band members ( Van Zant , Gaines , and Gaines ' older sister , backup singer Cassie Gaines ) , and severely injuring most who survived the crash .
The album performed well on the charts , peaking at # 5 ( the band 's first top-5 album ) , as did the singles " What 's Your Name " and " That Smell , " the former a top-20 hit on the singles chart .
The Comox Valley Regional District is a regional district in British Columbia , Canada .
It was created on February 15 , 2008 , encompassing the southeastern portions of the former Regional District of Comox - Strathcona , and centered about the Comox Valley .
The partition left the new Comox Valley Regional District with only 8.4 percent of the former Comox - Strathcona 's land area , but 57.9 percent of its population .
The CVRD covers an area of 2,425 square kilometres , of which 1,725 square kilometres is land ( the remainder is water ) , and serves a population of 63,538 according to the 2011 Census .
The district borders the Strathcona Regional District to the northwest , the Alberni - Clayoquot Regional District to the southwest , and the Regional District of Nanaimo to the southeast , as well as the Powell River Regional District along the Strait of Georgia to the east .
The census divisions comprising the new Regional District are the city of Courtenay , the town of Comox , the village of Cumberland , Electoral Areas A , B , and C , and the two stated Indian reserves .
The administrative offices are in Courtenay , British Columbia .
Lake Parime or Lake Parima is a legendary lake located in South America .
The search for Lake Parime led explorers to map the rivers and other features of southern Venezuela , northern Brazil , and southwestern Guyana before the lake 's existence was definitively disproved in the early 19th century .
Recent geological investigations suggest that a lake may have existed in northern Brazil , but that it dried up some time in the 18th century .
Gert Kaasik better known as Mäkki , is an Estonian - born Finnish rapper and DJ .
Mäkki , born in Tallinn , and living in Finland , came to prominence in the summer of 2013 , when he released a music video and his own version of the Sini Sabotage hit " Levikset repee " followed by his version of Musta Barbaari hit " Salil eka salil vika " Mäkki published later singles and music videos for " Dippaa " , " Kalenteris Tyhjää " and " Grilli Kuumana " making him even more popular .
He released his solo album Ihan pomona on 20 February 2015 with collaborations from Kube , Ruma , , , Kuningas Pähkinä , Setä Tamu , and Sini Sabotage .
Punch Club ( originally titled VHS Story ) is a sporting management simulation developed by Lazy Bear Games and published by tinyBuild .
Hanna Lis , née Kedaj ( first married name Smoktunowicz ) ( born 13 May 1970 in Warsaw ) is a Polish TV journalist .
She started her career working for Polish National Television ( where , among other duties , she ran the news programme " Teleexpress " ) , but in 2002 transferred to the commercial station TV4 ( dependent on Polsat ) , where she ran another informational programme " Dziennik " .
She filed a report from Poland to CNN during Pope 's John Paul II illness .
She spent her childhood in Italy and in 1977 co - represented Poland at the 20th Zecchino d'Oro .
She is married to Tomasz Lis , a popular journalist .
Alkali Falls , is a multi - step waterfall of 6 tiers located in the east side of the Rogue – Umpqua Divide Wilderness , just west of Mount Bailey and Diamond Lake , on Oregon Route 230 in douglas County , in the U.S. state of Oregon .
It totals 510 feet fall in six drops , the Upper Alkali and tallest drop is 130 feet , making it one of the tallest cascades in Oregon .
Dancing Stage Fusion is a music video game released by Konami for the European PlayStation and PlayStation 2 on 5 November 2004 .
The arcade version of Dancing Stage Fusion was the first arcade machine in Europe since Dancing Stage EuroMix 2 and set a milestone as the first Dance Dance Revolution arcade machine produced by Konami since Dance Dance Revolution Extreme in 2002 .
The arcade release marked a total game engine upgrade from the old PlayStation - based boards to a new system built on top of an off - the - shelf PlayStation 2 .
This hardware upgrade would be later featured in the global release of Dance Dance Revolution SuperNova in 2006 .
Paul Raphaelson ( born 1968 , New York , New York , USA ) , is an American artist best known for urban landscape photography .
In the early 1990s , after moving to Providence , Rhode Island , he started producing formally complex , often dark depictions of the urban , suburban , and industrial landscape .
This work , which grew into the project titled " Wilderness " continued to evolve when Raphaelson moved to Brooklyn , New York in 1995 .
It later caught the attention of former Museum of Modern Art curator John Szarkowski , who acquired prints on behalf of private collections .
In 2013 he was the last photographer granted permission to photograph the Domino Sugar Refinery in Williamsburg , Brooklyn , before its 2014 demolition and redevelopment .
Columbia Island is an island located in the Potomac River in Washington , D.C. , in the United States .
It formed naturally as an extension of Analostan Island in the latter part of the 1800s , and over time erosion and flooding severed it from Analostan .
The U.S. federal government deposited material dredged from the Potomac River on the island between 1911 and 1922 , and again from 1925 to 1927 .
In 1968 , the island was renamed Lady Bird Johnson Park .
Located within the park are the Lyndon Baines Johnson Memorial Grove , Navy – Merchant Marine Memorial , and the Columbia Island Marina .
The island , park , memorials , and marina are part of the George Washington Memorial Parkway and administered by the National Park Service .
Green is the creator , executive producer , writer , director and is the most - frequent voice on Adult Swim 's Robot Chicken .
Green is also known for his role as Chris Griffin on Fox 's Family Guy , previously as Daniel " Oz " Osbourne in Buffy the Vampire Slayer , and Greg the Bunny .
The Curoca is an intermittent river in Namibe Province , southern Angola which has residual lagoons in dry seasons .
It is one of only two rivers in Iona National Park , which also includes moving sand dunes of the Namib Desert .
The Curoca forms part of the northern border of the park and also runs through the Lagoa dos Arcos and the Regional Natural Park of Namibe ( Parque Natural Regional do Namibe ) .
Its mouth is at the Atlantic Ocean , north of the community of Tômbwa .
Głubczyce County ( ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Opole Voivodeship , south - western Poland , on the Czech border .
Its administrative seat and largest town is Głubczyce , which lies south of the regional capital Opole .
The county also contains the towns of Kietrz , lying south - east of Głubczyce , and Baborów , south - east of Głubczyce .
The Emperor 's Bridge Campaign is a San Francisco - based nonprofit whose mission is to honor the life and advance the legacy of Joshua Abraham Norton ( c.1818 – 1880 ) , better known as the 19th - century San Francisco eccentric , Emperor Norton .
The Campaign was launched on 28 September 2013 as a project to carry forward the call of a 1 August 2013 Change.org petition to name the San Francisco - Oakland Bay Bridge — long known locally simply as " the Bay Bridge "— for Emperor Norton , who set out the original vision for the bridge with three newspaper proclamations published in 1872 .
Shia believe that the Sunni view of Umar was created by the later Umayyad dynasty to honour the man that gave power to the first Umayyad ruler and third Sunni Caliph , Uthman .
Lech Majewski ( pronounced , ‘ Ma - yev - ski’ ) ( born 30 August 1953 ) is a Polish film and theatre director , writer , poet , and painter .
Born in Katowice , Poland , Majewski studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw .
In the 1970s , he then studied at the National Film School in Łódź , notably as a student of Wojciech Has , who taught Majewski directing .
In 2006 , the Museum of Modern Art in New York City hosted a retrospective of Majewski 's work .
Lee Ming - che ( 李明哲 ; born 1975 ) is a Taiwanese pro - democracy activist , detained by Chinese authorities in late March 2017 .
After Lee entered the domain of China from Macao , he lost the ability to directly contact his family .
Ma Xiaoguang , a spokesman for Beijing 's Taiwan Affairs Office ( TAO ) , has said in a press conference that Lee is " currently in good physical condition " .
Lee ’s wife , Lee Ching - yu , called on Beijing to immediately release him , and to clarify the charges brought against him and ensure his rights .
In an effort to find her husband , Lee Ching - yu booked a flight from Taiwan to China on 10 April , however she has been banned from entering China by its Ministry of Public Security .
On September 2017 , Lee Ming - che pleaded guilty to " subverting state power " in a court in Hunan .
The Bellmawr School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade from Bellmawr , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " B " , the second lowest of eight groupings .
For ninth through twelfth grades , public - school students attend Triton Regional High School in neighboring Runnemede , one of three high schools that are part of the Black Horse Pike Regional School District .
The other communities in the district are Gloucester Township and Runnemede .
The two other schools in the district are Highland Regional High School and Timber Creek Regional High School , which serve students from Gloucester Township , based on their address .
Galena is the largest city in and the county seat of Jo Daviess County , Illinois , with a population of 3,429 at the 2010 census .
A section of the city is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Galena Historic District .
Owing to these deposits , Galena was the site of the first major mineral rush in the United States .
The city emerged as the largest steamboat hub on the Mississippi River north of St. Louis , Missouri .
Galena was the home of Ulysses S. Grant and eight other Civil War generals .
Definitely Maybe is the debut studio album by English rock band Oasis .
The album was released on 29 August 1994 by Creation Records .
It is the band 's only studio album to feature original drummer Tony McCarroll .
Definitely Maybe marked the beginning of Oasis ' success in the United States , selling over one million copies there despite only peaking at 58 on the Billboard 200 .
Definitely Maybe helped to spur a revitalisation in British pop music in the 1990s , and was embraced by critics for its optimistic themes and supposed rejection of grunge music of the time .
The album is regarded as a seminal entry of the Britpop scene , and has appeared in many publications ' list of the greatest albums of all time .
Standard Oil Co. Inc. was an American oil producing , transporting , refining , and marketing company .
Established in 1870 by John D. Rockefeller and Henry Flagler as a corporation in Ohio , it was the largest oil refinery in the world of its time .
Its history as one of the world 's first and largest multinational corporations ended in 1911 , when the United States Supreme Court , in a landmark case , ruled that Standard Oil was an illegal monopoly .
The term ' Aniran ' derives from Middle Persian anērān , Pahlavi ʼnyrʼn , an antonym of ērān that in turn denoted either the people or the Sasanian Empire .
Alabama Motorsports Park is being developed north of Mobile , Alabama .
Dale Earnhardt Jr. was listed as one of the investors when the park was announced , along with his sister Kelley Earnhardt Elledge and their brother Kerry Earnhardt .
It is found in India ( Darjeeling , Sikkim , Andamans , Arunachal Pradesh ) and Bhutan .
Gribbin Head ( ) is a promontory on the south coast of Cornwall , England , UK , owned and managed by the National Trust .
It separates St Austell Bay from the estuary of the River Fowey and is marked by a large tower used to aid navigation of ships approaching the local harbours .
The nearest town is Fowey .
The western point of the headland is called Little Gribbin .
Gribbin Head is the most southerly part of the parish of Fowey .
To the north , and facing west across St Austell Bay is the small village of Polkerris , beyond which is the harbour at Par .
To the east is Polridmouth cove and the Fowey estuary , where the town of Fowey itself is situated .
Inland , to the north , is the Menabilly estate , built for the Rashleigh family but later home to author Daphne du Maurier .
The high promontory forms a part of the South Coast ( eastern ) section of the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty .
The South West Coast Path passes around Gribbin Head on its way from Minehead in Somerset to Poole in Dorset .
André Obey (; 8 May 1892 at Douai , France – 11 April 1975 at Montsoreau , near the Loire River ) was a prominent French playwright during the inter - war years , and into the 1950s .
He began as a novelist and produced an autobiographical novel about his adolescence le Joueur de triangle ( The Triangle Player ) .
Obey 's play Le Viol de Lucrèce was drawn on by Ronald Duncan for the libretto of Benjamin Britten 's opera The Rape of Lucretia .
The Bay of Gibraltar ( also known as Gibraltar Bay or Bay of Algeciras ) is a bay at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula .
It opens to the south into the Strait of Gibraltar and the Mediterranean Sea .
From west to east , the shore is divided between the Spanish municipalities of Algeciras , Los Barrios , San Roque , La Línea de la Concepción and the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
The larger part of the shoreline is Spanish territory , with part of the eastern half of the bay belonging to Gibraltar .
Pinkerton Academy is a secondary school in Derry , New Hampshire , United States .
It serves roughly 3,100 students , making it by far the largest high school in New Hampshire , more than 800 students greater than the next largest high school .
Pinkerton 's situation is unusual , as it is a private school which also serves as the " public " high school ( grades 9–12 ) for the communities of Derry , Hampstead , Chester , Auburn , Candia , and Hooksett .
The academy is set on a New England campus .
Since the original four - room Old Academy Building opened in 1815 , over one dozen major buildings have been constructed , for academics and administration .
The John Coleman House , also known as Grassdale , is a historic plantation house in Eutaw , Alabama , United States .
The two - story wood - frame I - house was built by John Coleman from Edgefield , South Carolina , on property that he settled in 1819 .
Coleman held 75 slaves during the 1840 United States Census of Greene County .
The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of the Antebellum Homes in Eutaw Thematic Resource on December 6 , 1982 , due to its architectural significance .
" The Harvest Of Love " is a short comedy song , co - written and originally performed by Benny Hill , released on Pye Records ( 7N.15520 ) .
Straits Quay is a shopping mall - cum - marina in George Town , Penang , Malaysia .
It is located at Seri Tanjung Pinang , a newly developed township that sits on reclaimed land within the George Town suburb of Tanjung Tokong .
Royal Selangor , a Malaysian pewter manufacturer , maintains an outlet within the mall .
There is also a Performing Arts Centre within the mall .
In addition , Straits Quay includes luxurious serviced apartments called The Suites @ Straits Quay , which are managed by the Eastern & Oriental Hotel , a colonial seaside hotel located within the heart of George Town .
The Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity ( Libertad ) Act of 1996 ( Helms – Burton Act , , , ) is a United States federal law which strengthens and continues the United States embargo against Cuba .
The Act is named for its original sponsors , Senator Jesse Helms , Republican of North Carolina , and Representative Dan Burton , Republican of Indiana .
The law was passed by the 104th United States Congress on March 6 , 1996 and enacted into law by the 42nd President of the United States Bill Clinton on March 12 , 1996 .
The bill , which had been tabled in late 1995 after Senator Helms was unable to overcome several Democratic filibusters , was reintroduced prompted by an episode that happened a month earlier .
Fort San Miguel , or Yuquot , or Friendly Cove , is a small settlement of around six people - The Williams family of the Mowachaht band , plus two full - time lighthouse keepers , located on Nootka Island in Nootka Sound , just west of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
The community is located within the Strathcona Regional District but like all Indian Reserve communities is not governed by nor represented in the regional district .
The Mowchaht / Muchalaht First Nations are rather part of the Nuu - chah - nulth Tribal Council , which unites the governments of the indigenous communities of the Island 's West Coast .
The Canadian government declared Friendly Cove a National Historic Site in 1923 , with recognition of the significance of the Spanish colonial settlement that was once there and First Nations history following in 1997 .
The Peter Guice Memorial Bridge consists of dual two - lane automobile bridges carrying I-26/US   74 across the Green River , located between East Flat Rock and Saluda , in Henderson County , North Carolina .
Surpassed only by the Phil G. McDonald Bridge in West Virginia and the Emlenton Bridge in Pennsylvania , it is the third - highest bridge carrying an Interstate Highway in the eastern United States at tall .
As of July 2018 , both bridges are rated structurally deficient and functionally obsolete in the National Bridge Inventory .
The bridge is dedicated to the memory of Peter Guice , who built the first toll bridge over the Green River in 1820 ; it replaced a hazardous ford along Howard Gap Road .
" Sober " is a song performed by Swedish pop singer and music producer Loreen .
A remixed version of the song was included on Loreen 's debut album Heal ( 2012 ) .
nat . , born 14 April 1954 , Meißen , Germany ) is a German scientist and university professor of computer sciences .
He is president and CEO of the Hasso Plattner Institute ( HPI ) for Digital Engineering , dean of the Digital Engineering Faculty of the University of Potsdam ( Germany ) , and professor for Internet Technologies and Systems .
The Nordfriedhof ( " Northern Cemetery " ) , with 34,000 burial plots , is one of the largest cemeteries in Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
It is situated in the suburb of Schwabing - Freimann .
It was established by the former community of Schwabing in 1884 .
It is not to be confused with the Alter Nordfriedhof in Munich , which was set up only a short time previously within the then territory of the city of Munich .
A station on the Munich U - Bahn is also called Nordfriedhof after the cemetery , and the surrounding area is also known locally as " Nordfriedhof " from the station .
, sometimes mistakenly referred to as Yōko Nagata , was a Japanese leftist revolutionary and terrorist who was convicted of murder and sentenced to death in Japan .
Nagata was convicted of murdering , or participating in the murder of , fellow members of the United Red Army ( URA ) during a group purge in Gunma prefecture , Japan in February 1972 .
During the purge , Nagata , acting as vice - chairman of the URA , directed the killing of 12 members of the group by beatings or by forced exposure to frigid winter air temperatures .
A URA non - member who was present during the purge was also killed .
While awaiting execution , Nagata died from brain cancer on 5 February 2011 at the Tokyo Detention House .
Thurrock Independents is a group of British politicians in Thurrock , Essex that was formed after its members broke away from the UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) in January 2018 .
The group has seventeen members , including former UKIP MEP Tim Aker , and forms the opposition group on Thurrock Council .
Although Tim Aker joined his council colleagues in the new group , he subsequently stated that he would continue to represent UKIP in the European Parliament for the purposes of Brexit : " UKIP has a job to do in the European Parliament in seeing we get the Brexit we voted for .
I will stay as a UKIP MEP .
But to better represent my constituents in Aveley , I had no choice but to follow my colleagues and represent the Thurrock Independents . "
Nepal Television ( ) is the oldest and most watched television channel in Nepal .
NTV , being currently owned by the government , has lost its editorial independence and is blamed for continuously being a government mouthpiece .
As the country 's only largest and oldest television channel , a need for transforming its operation into the hands of the public is realized by media experts in Nepal .
Reflecting the composition of the later immigration waves , the current Jewish population is 80 % Ashkenazi ; while Sephardic and Mizrahi are a minority .
Argentina has the largest Jewish population of any country in Latin America , although numerous Jews left during the 1970s and 1980s to escape the repression of the military junta , emigrating to Israel , West Europe ( especially Spain ) , and North America .
The Jewish population in Argentina is the largest in Latin America , the third largest in the Americas , and the world 's seventh largest outside Israel .
Culrav is a cultural festival of Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology , Allahabad .
Culrav gives a platform to the students of MNNIT and those all over India to participate in events which are diverse and exciting .
The festival draws students from most of the reputed colleges of India like IIT Kanpur , IIT Roorkee , IIT - BHU , NIT Bhopal , Allahabad University , BHU , IIIT - A , HBTI , IET Lucknow and many others colleges .
St. George 's Austrian High School ( Turkish : Sankt Georg Avusturya Lisesi , German : Österreichisches Sankt Georgs - Kolleg ) is a private Austrian - Turkish high school located in Istanbul , Turkey .
Initially the libel garnered support from the consuls of several European countries , including the United Kingdom , France , the Austrian Empire , Sweden , and Greece , although later several supported the Jewish community .
The Jewish community of Rhodes appealed for help from the Jewish community in Constantinople , who forwarded the appeal to European governments .
In the United Kingdom and Austria , Jewish communities gained support from their governments .
Kumar Sekhar Kammula ( ) is an Indian film director , screenwriter and producer , known for his works exclusively in Telugu cinema .
A Master of Fine Arts Holder from Howard University , he made his directorial debut with the independent film Dollar Dreams ( 2000 ) , which was a critical success , and won him the National Film Award for Best First film of a director .
The film was screened at the International Film Festival of India .
Sekhar has garnered two filmfare Awards South , and six state Nandi Awards for his works .
His second film , Anand , was a blockbuster in 2004 .
His next film , Godavari , was praised by critics and was a hit .
Happy Days , which was released on 28 September 2007 , was declared a smash hit .
In 2016 , Sekhar Kammula announced his Bollywood debut with a film starring Salman Khan .
Lucius Vorenus is a semi - fictional character in the British - Italian - American historical drama television series Rome , a show about the fall of the Roman Republic and the rise of the Roman Empire .
Played by Scottish - American actor Kevin McKidd in the series , Lucius Vorenus is introduced as a main character in the pilot episode , " The Stolen Eagle " .
The basis for this character is the historical Roman soldier of the same name , who is briefly mentioned in Julius Caesar 's Commentarii de Bello Gallico .
The two fictionalised characters Lucius Vorenus and Titus Pullo manage to witness and often influence many of the historical events presented in the series .
The Naranjas de Villa Clara ( Villa Clara Oranges ) is a baseball club that plays in the Cuban National Series .
Based in Santa Clara , the Naranjas have been one of the league 's most successful Cuban squads over the last 30 years ; winning championships in 1983 , as well as three - year run from 1993 to 1995 .
Eight Villa Clara 's players have been members of the Cuba national baseball team in the World Baseball Classic .
The Union Bank of Hong Kong ( Former stock code : ) ( Traditional Chinese : 香港友聯銀行 ) was a bank in Hong Kong .
Chinese state - owned China Merchants Group acquired the bank in the same year .
A business executive who symbolized " big business " in Japan as president of Dai Nippon Sugar Manufacturing Co. and executive officer of Nitto Chemical Industry Co. , he used his influence to bring about the fall of Prime Minister Hideki Tōjō in 1944 .
After Japan 's World War II surrender , Fujiyama was imprisoned without a trial for three years as a suspected war criminal .
He also served as director of Japan 's Economic Planning Agency .
Brian McGuinness ( born Bernard Francis McGuinness , 22 October 1927 , in Wrexham , United Kingdom ) is a British philosopher .
McGuinness was a Fellow and Tutor at Queen 's College in Oxford University from 1953 to 1988 , and took a post at the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study .
Since 1990 , he is a professor at the University of Siena , Italy .
The Taedong River ( Chosŏn'gŭl : ) is a large river in the North Korea .
It rises in the Rangrim Mountains of the country 's north .
In between , it runs through the country 's capital , Pyongyang .
It is the fifth longest river on the Korean peninsula and the second longest in North Korea .
Brome - Missisquoi is a provincial electoral district in the Montérégie region of Quebec , Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec .
It includes the municipalities of Bromont , Cowansville , Frelighsburg , Sutton , Saint - Armand and Farnham .
It was created for the 1973 election from Brome and parts of Missisquoi and Shefford .
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map , it lost Austin , Bolton - Est , Bonsecours , Eastman , Lawrenceville , Potton , Sainte - Anne - de - la - Rochelle , Saint - Benoît - du - Lac , Saint - Étienne - de - Bolton , Stukely - Sud to Orford electoral district , but gained Shefford , Warden , Waterloo from Shefford electoral district .
Mompox or Mompós , officially Santa Cruz de Mompox , is a town and municipality in northern Colombia , in the Bolívar Department , which has preserved its colonial character .
It has about 30,000 inhabitants , and is adjacent to the municipalities of Pinillos and San Fernando .
Alfredo Toro Hardy ( born in Caracas on May 22 , 1950 ) is a Venezuelan retired career diplomat , scholar and public intellectual .
During his diplomatic career he occupied some of Venezuela 's top ambassadorial posts , including Washington , London , Madrid and Brasilia .
British historian and author Robert Harvey stated : " One does not have to coincide with all of Toro Hardy 's views in order to recognize that he is one of the most articulated and experienced voices not only from Latin America but from the developing world " .
Mabel Gardiner Hubbard ( November 25 , 1857 – January 3 , 1923 ) , was the daughter of Boston lawyer Gardiner Greene Hubbard , who was the first president of the Bell Telephone Company .
As the wife of Alexander Graham Bell , an eminent scientist and the inventor of the first practical telephone , she took the married name Mabel Bell .
From the time of Mabel 's courtship with Graham Bell in 1873 , until his death in 1922 , Mabel became and remained the most significant influence in his life .
Remi Lake ( ) is a lake in both the municipality of Moonbeam and geographic Gurney Township in Unorganized North Cochrane District , Cochrane District , in Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
René Brunelle Provincial Park is along the north and east shores of the lake ; the park can be accessed by Ontario Highway 581 which connects to Ontario Highway 11 .
The company is headquartered in the Bronx , New York and has regional offices in Framingham , MA , Fort Lee , NJ , and Stamford , CT .
Iceland hosted the U-18 European Championship in 1997 , but an Icelandic national team has qualified for the final competition of a major tournament only four times — twice by the women 's national team at UEFA Women 's Euro in 2009 and 2013 , and twice by the men 's team at UEFA Euro 2016 and the 2018 FIFA World Cup .
Minna Lachs ( born as Minna Schiffmann ; 1907 – 1993 ) was an Austrian educator and memoirist .
She was born in Terebovlia , then Trembowla in what was then referred to as the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria .
She fled Austria for Switzerland due to the Anschluss .
Elijah Hise ( 4 July 1802 – 8 May 1867 ) was a United States diplomat and U.S. Representative from the of Kentucky .
Hise was born 4 July 1802 in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania before moving with his parents , Frederick and Nancy ( Eckstein ) Hise , to Russellville , Kentucky when young .
He completed preparatory studies and then attended Transylvania University , Lexington , Kentucky .
Hise was a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1829 .
He was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for Lieutenant Governor in 1836 .
He served as the Chargé d'Affaires to Guatemala , January 31 , 1849 – June 23 , 1849 .
In addition , he was the chief justice of the Court of Appeals of Kentucky .
Hise was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty - ninth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Henry Grider , and he was reelected to the Fortieth Congress .
In all he served from December 3 , 1866 , until his death 8 May 1867 in Russellville , Kentucky .
He was buried in Maple Grove Cemetery .
The town of Hiseville , Kentucky was named in honor of the congressman .
Multnomah Falls is a waterfall located in the Columbia River Gorge , east of Troutdale , between Corbett and Dodson , Oregon , United States .
The waterfall is accessible from the Historic Columbia River Highway and Interstate 84 .
Spanning two tiers on basalt cliffs , it is the tallest waterfall in the state of Oregon at in height .
The Multnomah Falls Lodge and the surrounding footpaths at the falls were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 .
Contemporarily , the state of Oregon maintains a switchback trail that ascends to a talus slope above the falls , and descends to an observation deck that overlooks the falls ' edge .
The falls attract over two million visitors each year , making it the most - visited natural recreation site in the U.S. Pacific Northwest .
He appeared as a conductor in the Soprano 's World Concert for World Peace , Paraguay 2007 in Asunción , Paraguay .
The National Film Award for Best Choreography is one of the National Film Awards presented annually by the Directorate of Film Festivals , the organisation set up by Ministry of Information and Broadcasting , India .
It is one of several awards presented for feature films and awarded with Rajat Kamal ( Silver Lotus ) .
The choreographer who has won most number of Rajat Kamal ( Silver Lotus ) for Best Choreography is Saroj Khan with 3 wins followed by Prabhu Deva and Ganesh Acharya with two wins .
On the night of the contest , held in Malmö , Sweden , the song was performed 13th , following Finland 's Pave Maijanen singing " Yamma , yamma " and preceding Luxembourg 's Marion Welter with Kontinent singing " Sou fräi " .
Genshin ( 源信 ; 942 – July 6 , 1017 ) , also known as Eshin Sozu , was the most influential of a number of Tendai scholars active during the tenth and eleventh centuries in Japan .
He was not a wandering evangelist as Kūya was , but was an elite cleric who espoused a doctrine of devotion to Amida Buddha which taught that because Japan was thought to have entered mappō , the " degenerate age " of the " latter law , " the only hope for salvation lay in the reliance on the power of Amitabha .
Genshin 's influence in contemporary Japanese culture today is primarily due to his treatise , Ōjōyōshū , particularly the graphic descriptions of the Buddhist hell realms ( 地獄 jigoku ) , which inspired a genre of horror and morality stories .
The 1960 Japanese film Jigoku was influenced by Genshin 's Ōjōyōshū among other works .
The image of Amida Nyorai in the main building of Yasaka - ji Temple in Shikoku is said to have been made by Genshin in the Heian Period .
The Combat Box was a tactical formation used by heavy ( strategic ) bombers of the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II .
However the use of high altitudes by USAAF bombers resulted in factors that demanded a tighter bomb pattern and the combat box continued in use even after the advent of fighter escort — and especially starting in the spring of 1944 over Europe , with USAAF fighters flying far ahead of the combat boxes in air supremacy mode instead against the Luftwaffe 's fighters — largely mitigated the threat of fighter interception .
Star Wars : Jedi Knight is a first - person shooter and third - person shooter video game series set in the fictional Star Wars expanded universe .
In 1998 , was released as an expansion pack for Dark Forces II , this time giving the player control of Mara Jade as well as Katarn .
Louis Jani ( born December 6 , 1957 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a judoka from Canada , who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics : 1984 and 1988 .
He had unfortunately missed the 1980 Moscow Olympics due to Canada 's boycott .
Competing as a member of Team Canada for 15 years , Louis went on to become the Technical Director for Judo Canada and eventually the National Coach .
As National Coach he led the Canadian team at the 2000 Olympic Summer Games in Sydney , Australia , where Nicolas Gill won a silver medal .
Currently Louis Jani lives in Ottawa , Ontario and works as a Manager of Regional Affairs at the Department of Canadian Heritage .
Fatehpur Sikri ( ) is a town in the Agra District of Uttar Pradesh , India .
The city itself was founded as the capital of Mughal Empire in 1571 by Emperor Akbar , serving this role from 1571 to 1585 , when Akbar abandoned it due to a campaign in Punjab and was later completely abandoned in 1610 .
Akbar 's son Jahangir was born at the village of Sikri in 1569 and that year Akbar began construction of a religious compound to commemorate the Sheikh who had predicted the birth .
" Hide & Seek " is a song by South Korean pop duo Tohoshinki , taken from their seventh Japanese studio album , Tree ( 2014 ) .
Serving as Tohoshinki 's 's 40th Japanese single , the song was released as a double A - sided single with " Something " on February 5 , 2014 by Avex Trax .
The fourth and final single release for Tree , the single was released in three editions – a CD+DVD version , a CD only version , and a Bigeast Board edition .
A restrained rock song with baritone vocal range , the producers of " Hide & Seek " have described the song to be Tohoshinki 's " most intense " song to date .
After premiering on 10 March 2018 at South by Southwest , the film was released on 1 June 2018 in the United States by OTL Releasing and Blumhouse Tilt , and on 14 June 2018 in Australia .
" Venus as a Boy " is a song by Icelandic musician Björk .
It was released as the second single from her 1993 album Debut .
Björk performed the song on different TV appearances , including Top of the Pops , and sang it during the course of her Debut Tour .
The song was later chosen by fans to be included in her greatest hits album , Greatest Hits and also appeared in her Family Tree Box Set which contained a " greatest hits " disc on which the songs were chosen by Björk .
The Deutsche Verkehrsfliegerschule ( DVS ) , German Air Transport School , was a covert military - training organization operating as a flying school in Germany .
It began during the Weimar Republic in Staaken , Berlin in 1925 and its head office was transferred in 1929 to Broitzem airfield near Braunschweig .
This training facility grew in importance in the initial stages of Nazi Germany , while camouflaging as a harmless civilian organization ( Tarnorganisation ) , at the time of Germany 's rearmament in violation of the Versailles Treaty .
José Biriukov ( born 3 February 1963 ) is a retired Spanish and Soviet professional basketball player .
Began playing basketball for Dynamo Moscow basketball team , before moving to Spain to play for Real Madrid .
Played for the Soviet and later Spanish national basketball team .
He played 11 seasons in Real Madrid , 22 games in the USSR national team and 57 for the Spanish one .
Baruch Abuhatzeira (; born 1941 ) , also known as Baba Baruch , is an Israeli Kabbalist rabbi and spiritual adviser who operates in Netivot , a blue - collar town in southern Israel .
He is the son of the leading Moroccan Sephardic rabbi Israel Abuhatzeira , also known as the Baba Sali .
Baruch was born in Arfoud in the Meknès - Tafilalet of the Maghreb region in eastern Morocco .
In the mid-1960s , Baruch emigrated to Israel with his father , and he decided to pursue a political career .
He was elected deputy mayor in Ashkelon .
After obtaining an early release , Abuhatzeira joined Baba Sali , and was with his father during the last three months of the Rabbi 's life .
Petre Otskheli ( ) ( November 25 , 1907 – December 2 , 1937 ) was a Georgian modernist set and costume designer who designed in theatre in Georgia and briefly in Moscow .
He was put to death during Joseph Stalin ’s Great Purge at the age of 30 , but his scenographic constructivism has had a lasting influence on the Georgian scenic design .
Born in Kutaisi , Otskheli studied at the Kutaisi realschule and the Tbilisi State Academy of Arts in the 1920s .
Through most of his career Otskheli had a creative relationship with the director Kote Marjanishvili who invited the young artist to his theatre in Kutaisi in 1928 .
Jungle Strike ( subtitle ' The Sequel to Desert Strike ' , or ' Desert Strike part II ' in Japan ) is a video game developed and published by Electronic Arts in 1993 for the Sega Genesis / Mega Drive .
It is the direct sequel to Desert Strike ( a best - seller released the previous year ) and is the second installment in the Strike series .
Kiswarani ( Aymara kiswara Buddleja incana , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , " the one with kiswara " , hispanicized spelling Quisuarani ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru .
The mountain is located in the Cusco Region , Calca Province , Lares District , south of Lares .
The private conservation area of ' Hatun Qiwña Kiswarani Qullana ' ( Hatun Queuña Quishuarani Collana ) of the rural community of Kiswarani Qullana ( Quishuarani Collana ) lies at the mountain .
The small area includes the southern slope of Kiswarani in the north and the lake Qiwñaqucha in the south .
The Shoghaken Folk Ensemble , an Armenian musical group , performs and records Armenian folk and troubador music .
The ensemble was founded in 1995 in Yerevan .
It has since performed in Armenia , France ( including a 2006 performance at the Théâtre de la Ville in Paris ) , Germany , Estonia , Russia , the United Arab Emirates , and the U.S. ( including an eighteen - concert 2004 tour and an appearance at the 2002 Folklife Festival as part of the Silk Road project organized by Yo Yo Ma ) .
, meaning " Western District " , is a common ward name in many Japanese cities .
Nishi - ku , Fukuoka , in Fukuoka , Fukuoka Prefecture
Nishi - ku , Hamamatsu , in Hamamatsu , Shizuoka Prefecture
Nishi - ku , Kōbe , in Kobe , Hyōgo Prefecture
Nishi - ku , Kumamoto , in Kumamoto , Kumamoto Prefecture
Nishi - ku , Sakai , in Sakai , Osaka Prefecture
As well as playing bass guitar and keyboards , Smith sang the lead vocals on Tears for Fears hits such as " Mad World " , " Pale Shelter " , " Change " , " The Way You Are " and " Everybody Wants to Rule the World " .
After his departure from Tears for Fears in 1991 , Smith pursued a solo career and released his debut album Soul on Board in 1993 .
The Calhoun Depot was a railway station of the Western & Atlantic Railroad that was built by the State of Georgia during 1852 - 53 in Calhoun , Georgia .
Unusual for railroads , the Western & Atlantic Railroad was owned and operated by a U.S. state .
Calhoun is on its route built from Atlanta , Georgia to Chattanooga , Tennessee .
Like other brick or stone depots on the line , the Calhoun Depot was involved in but survived the American Civil War .
It was part of the Great Locomotive Chase .
Its simple lines and fundamental , utilitarian styling exemplifies the early , unpretentious frontier times of North Georgia in which it was created . "
Its location was in Cass County and then Bartow County .
At some point it became a railroad stop and finally in 1850 it became the first county seat of new Gordon County .
The railroad served as a major travel artery , as well as a supply line during the Civil War .
After 1890 , the State - owned W & A Line was leased to the L & N Railroad .
From 2006 to he was ambassador in the Embassy of New Zealand in Moscow ( Russian Federation ) .
Octagón formed a tag team with El Hijo Del Santo to take on Los Gringos Locos ( Eddie Guerrero and Art Barr ) in a double mask versus hair match on the first pay - per - view put on by a Mexican wrestling promotion to air in the United States .
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant – Khorasan Province ( , ad - Dawlah al - Islāmiyah fī ' l-ʿIrāq wa - sh - Shām – Wilayah Khorasan ) , or ISIL - KP , is a branch of the militant Islamist group Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) , active in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Some media sources also use ISK , ISISK , IS - KP , or ISIS - K in referring to the group .
The Khorasan group 's area of operations also includes other parts of South Asia , such as India where individuals have pledged allegiance to it .
ISIL announced the group 's formation in January 2015 and appointed former Tehrik - i - Taliban Pakistan militant Hafiz Saeed Khan as its leader , with former Afghan Taliban commander Abdul Rauf Aliza appointed as deputy leader .
The Amtrak Police Department ( APD ) is a railroad police agency , security organization that acts as the law enforcement arm of Amtrak ( the National Railroad Passenger Corporation ) , the government - owned passenger train system in the United States .
It is headquartered at Union Station in Washington , D.C. , and has about 428 sworn police officers , most of whom are stationed within the Northeast Corridor , Amtrak 's busiest route .
Since 1979 , most Amtrak police officers are trained at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers ( FLETC ) although some recruits may be certified through a local police academy .
" Yearning for Your Love " is a ballad recorded and released by The Gap Band on Mercury Records .
The single was the third release off the band 's fifth album , The Gap Band III .
Written by Gap Band backing member / keyboardist Oliver Scott and keyboardist Ronnie Wilson , it was a romantic love song dedicated to Wilson 's wife at the time and was performed by Ronnie 's brother Charlie Wilson .
" Do Shapeshifters Dream of Electric Sheep ? "
is the fourth episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe , and the 47th episode overall .
" Do Shapeshifters Dream of Electric Sheep ? "
took place in the prime universe , and involved several shapeshifters , including Thomas Jerome Newton ( Sebastian Roché ) , who is eventually captured .
Meanwhile , Fauxlivia ( Anna Torv ) attempts to maintain her cover and minimize the damage .
McCrae was born in Melbourne , the son of the Australian author George Gordon McCrae .
Originally he trained as an architect , but later took up writing and acting , settling eventually in Sydney and later in the New South Wales town of Camden .
David Tod ( February 21 , 1805 – November 13 , 1868 ) was an American politician and industrialist from the U.S. state of Ohio .
As the 25th Governor of Ohio , Tod gained recognition for his forceful and energetic leadership during the American Civil War .
A Democrat who supported the war effort , Tod helped to maintain a fragile alliance between the state 's Republicans and War Democrats and took steps to secure Ohio 's borders .
After completing his two - year term as Ohio governor , Tod turned down an invitation to serve in the government of President Abraham Lincoln as Secretary of the Treasury , citing poor health .
Pugachev 's Rebellion ( Peasants ' War 1773 - 75 , Cossack Rebellion ) of 1773 - 75 was the principal revolt in a series of popular rebellions that took place in the Russian Empire after Catherine II seized power in 1762 .
At one point , its administration claimed control over most of the territory between the Volga River and the Urals .
One of the most significant events of the insurrection was the Battle of Kazan in July 1774 .
However , the revolt was crushed towards the end of 1774 by General Michelsohn at Tsaritsyn .
Pugachev was captured soon after and executed in Moscow in January 1775 .
The events have generated many stories in legend and literature , most notably Pushkin 's historical novel The Captain 's Daughter ( 1836 ) .
It was the largest peasant revolt in Russia 's history .
Animositisomina is the eighth studio album by industrial metal band Ministry , released in 2003 .
It is the group 's first studio album and second overall release through Sanctuary Records , following the live album Sphinctour .
It is also very similar to Aoxomoxoa , which is an album by the Grateful Dead .
It is also worth noting that it is Ministry 's first album to feature lyrics in the album sleeve , in which prior albums did not provide .
" The Light Pours Out of Me " was written and originally recorded by Magazine for their Real Life album in 1978 and it is the only song in the album to have more than one word in the title .
Ministry did perform the song several times in concerts in the late 1980s , but it was never released or recorded officially .
Animositisomina is notable for being the last album with Paul Barker , thus bringing the band 's " Hypo Luxa / Hermes Pan " production duo to an unceremonious end .
In addition , it is also the last album to feature Ministry performing in their traditional industrial metal style before switching to a more thrash - oriented sound on their next album , Houses of the Molé .
However , in practice the National Democratic Party was the long - time ruling party and dominated the Egyptian political arena up until the Egyptian Revolution of 2011 , which ousted NDP president Hosni Mubarak .
On 28 March 2011 , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces introduced the Political Party Law , which eases restrictions on the legal establishment of new political parties in Egypt .
Waylon J. Smithers Jr. , usually referred to as Mr. Smithers or simply Smithers , is a recurring fictional character in the animated sitcom The Simpsons , who is voiced by Harry Shearer .
Smithers first appeared in the episode " Homer 's Odyssey " , although his voice could be heard in the series premiere " Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire " .
He is the consummate executive and personal assistant of Springfield Nuclear Power Plant 's owner Mr. Burns .
Smithers ' devotion to Mr. Burns was inspired from how numerous Fox executives and staff members acted towards Barry Diller .
Matt Groening , in an interview with TMZ , said that this was a mistake but the producers did n't have enough money to correct it .
Smithers is an obedient and sycophantic assistant to Mr. Burns , and the relationship between the two is a frequent running gag on The Simpsons .
In the season 27 ( 2016 ) episode " The Burns Cage " , he came out as gay .
Gogglebox is a British reality programme that has aired on Channel 4 since 7 March 2013 .
The programme features a number of families and groups of friends from different places around the United Kingdom who react to British television programmes from their own homes .
The programme won a BAFTA award in 2014 and a National Television Award in 2015 , 2016 , 2017 and 2018 .
A " Brexit Special " episode of Gogglebox aired on 3 August 2016 , in which the families commented on the result of the recent EU referendum and other current events in British politics .
A version of the programme featuring only children , called Gogglesprogs , launched as a Christmas special on Christmas Day 2015 , and was followed by a full - length series , which began airing on 17 June 2016 .
On 30 May 2017 , it was confirmed that a new spin - off series entitled Vlogglebox would air on E4 which features reactions from 16- to 24-year - olds as they watch online content on their smartphones , laptops or tablets .
Antonio Maria Bononcini ( 18 June 1677 – 8 July 1726 ) was an Italian cellist and composer , the younger brother of the better - known Giovanni Bononcini .
Bononcini was born and died at Modena in Italy .
In 1713 he returned to Italy , where he worked in Milan , Naples and Modena .
Noël Hallé ( 2 September 1711 , Paris – 5 June 1781 , Paris ) was a French painter , draftsman and printmaker .
He was born into a family of artists , the son of Claude - Guy Hallé .
The Related Companies , L.P. is an American privately owned real estate firm in New York City , with offices and major developments in Boston , Chicago , Los Angeles , Las Vegas , Miami , San Francisco , Abu Dhabi , London , São Paulo and Shanghai .
Related manages about $ 4 billion of equity capital on behalf of sovereign wealth funds , public pension plans , multi - managers , endowments , Taft Hartley benefits plans , and family offices .
It has developed mixed - use projects such as Time Warner Center in New York City , as well as CityPlace in West Palm Beach .
Related is currently developing the Hudson Yards Redevelopment Project , which comprises in Manhattan ’s Chelsea and Hell 's Kitchen neighborhoods .
James Brown Humphrey , also known as " Professor Jim " Humphrey ( 1859 -1937 ) was a musician , bandleader , and music instructor in New Orleans , Louisiana , United States and central figure in the formation of jazz as a contemporary musical art form .
However , his involvement in the formal training of large numbers of musicians along the southern plantation belt of the Mississippi River delta during the immediate years following the reconstruction era resulted in many virtuoso performers who would go on to originate jazz as a distinct musical genre .
The Bust of Victor Hugo is an 1883 patinated plaster sculpture by the French artist Auguste Rodin of the Romantic writer Victor Hugo .
It is now in the Museo Soumaya in Mexico City .
The work in Mexico is the first version of the work , cast in bronze in June 1884 and exhibited at the Paris Salon .
The film premiered on Showtime on September 15 , 1991 in United States and was released theatrically in Germany .
The film was shot in Miami , Florida , USA .
" Gentle on My Mind " is a song written by John Hartford , which won four 1968 Grammy Awards .
The other two awards Best Country & Western Solo Vocal Performance , Male and Best Country & Western Recording , went to American country music singer Glen Campbell for his version of Hartford 's song .
Glen Campbell 's version has received over 5 million plays on the radio .
Campbell used " Gentle on My Mind " as the theme to his television variety show , The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour between 1969 and 1972 .
Southwood is a national park in Queensland , Australia , 288   km west of Brisbane .
Brigalow - belah forest remnants are conserved in this park on the western Darling Downs .
Few intact examples of this vegetation type remain on the Downs .
This is the traditional land of the Bigambul people .
Georges Renavent ( born Georges DeChaux , April 23 , 1892 – January 2 , 1969 ) was a French - American actor in film , Broadway plays and operator of American Grand Guignol .
He was born in Paris , France .
In 1914 , he immigrated to the United States , crossing the frontier between Canada and Vermont .
He was married to Selena Royle , an actress and daughter of Edwin Milton Royle , author of The Squaw Man , which was adapted for film and starred Cecil B. DeMille .
They left the United States to live in Mexico after Selena was entangled in the McCarthy era Communism investigations and Hollywood blacklist .
The PocketStation is a Memory Card peripheral by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation home video game console .
Categorized by Sony as a combination of a Memory Card and a miniature personal digital assistant , the device features a monochrome liquid crystal display ( LCD ) , infrared communication capability , a real - time clock , built - in flash memory , and sound capability .
It was released exclusively in Japan on January 23 , 1999 .
The original Japanese ship date for the PocketStation was set for December 23 , 1998 , but it was delayed a full month .
Sony planned to release the PocketStation outside Japan , engaging in promotional activity in Europe and North America , but the release did not occur .
The PocketStation 's most popular game was Dokodemo Issho , which sold over 1.5 million copies in Japan and is the first game to star Sony 's mascot Toro .
It remains an exclusive to the Japanese PlayStation Vitas .
Later in 1995 the band signed with Atlantic Records , and a year later made their final studio album , Gato Negro .
After arriving in Seattle , she met the musicians that would become her future band mates : Selene Vigil ( vocals ) , Elizabeth Davis ( bass ) , and Stefanie Sargent ( lead guitar ) .
They formed the band 7 Year Bitch , and signed with C / Z Records when they made their debut album Sick ' Em in 1992 .
South Salem is a hamlet in the Town of Lewisboro , Westchester County , in the U.S. state of New York .
The Kali River or Kali nadi is a river flowing through Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka state in India .
The river rises near Diggi , a small village in Uttar Kannada district .
The river is the lifeline to some 4 lakh people in the Uttara Kannada district and supports the livelihoods of tens of thousands of people including fishermen on the coast of Karwar .
One of the important dams build across Kali river is the Supa Dam at Ganeshgudi .
The river runs 184 kilometers before joining Arabian Sea .
Significant and pictureseque , the Sadashivgad fort is now a popular tourist destination located by the coastal highway Kali river bridge , which has been built above the confluence of the river and the Arabian Sea .
The National Highway NH-17 continues on the Kali Bridge built over Kali River and the road continues to split the Sadashivgad granite rock hill to connect Karnataka to Goa .
" The Last of the Famous International Playboys " was the third single released by Morrissey .
It reached number 6 in the UK Singles Chart .
The song was not featured on one of Morrissey 's main studio albums , but can be found on the compilation album Bona Drag along with the B - side " Lucky Lisp " .
The artwork for the single features Morrissey , aged 7 , up a tree in Chorlton - on - Medlock , Manchester — literally a boy at play .
" The Last of the Famous International Playboys " is notable for featuring three of Morrissey 's former colleagues in The Smiths — Andy Rourke , Mike Joyce and one - time Smiths rhythm guitarist Craig Gannon — all of whom also appear on the B - side , " Lucky Lisp " .
The song mythologizes the notorious pair of vicious London gangsters known as the Kray twins ( Ronnie and Reggie Kray ) , who held a tight rein on the East End of London during the 1960s .
Grooverville is an unincorporated community in Brooks County , Georgia , United States .
It was once known as Key and was located at the crossing of the Thomasville and Madison and Sharpe 's Store Road , which was in Thomas County prior to the creation of Brooks County from Lowndes and Thomas counties in 1858 .
Grooverville was incorporated on December 8 , 1859 ( per the Department of Transportation 's General Highway Map of Brooks County , dated 1980 ) .
The charter of Grooverville was terminated by an act of the Georgia Legislature effective July 1 , 1995 , as codified in the Georgia Code Section 36 - 30 - 7 .
Since then , Grooverville has been granted status as Grooverville Historic Township by State of Georgia , Department of Community Affairs .
Grooverville Methodist Church and Liberty Baptist Church , the later listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013 , are located in the area .
Jason Goes to Hell : The Final Friday is a 1993 American slasher film directed by Adam Marcus , produced by Sean S. Cunningham , and starring John D. LeMay , Kari Keegan and Allison Smith .
The ninth installment in the Friday the 13th film series , it was preceded by ( 1989 ) and followed by Jason X ( 2001 ) .
Its plot continues the Jason Voorhees narrative from previous films , beginning with an FBI ambush in which Voorhees 's body is detonated ; after , his spirit possesses the coroner examining his remains , and he uses the coroner 's body to continue his killings .
The film was conceived by co - writer and director Marcus under Cunningham , producer of the first film .
After low box - office sales for Part VIII : Jason Takes Manhattan , Paramount Pictures sold the character rights of Jason Voorhees to New Line Cinema , who distributed Jason Goes to Hell .
It focuses on the Mardi Gras celebrations in Mobile , Alabama , the oldest in the United States .
It also tells some of the history of Africatown , a community formed north of Mobile in 1860 by Africans from Ghana , transported illegally as slaves to Mobile decades after the end of the slave trade .
The film competed in the Documentary Competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival .
It had a limited release in New York on July 25 , 2008 , and ran on Independent Lens , a PBS series featuring independent films , in 2009 .
Spacemonkeyz are a musical group consisting of Darren Galea , Richie Stevens and Gavin Dodds .
They came together when Galea created a dub remix of Gorillaz 's " Tomorrow Comes Today " ( " Tomorrow Dub " , which was released as a B - side on the " Tomorrow Comes Today " single ) , which Gorillaz founder Damon Albarn liked so much that he asked Galea to remix the whole album Gorillaz .
The resulting album , Laika Come Home , was released in July 2002 .
The album 's first and only single " Lil ' Dub Chefin ' " reached # 73 on the UK Singles Chart .
They also wrote an original song with Taiwanese singer Stanley Huang , " Spacemonkeyz Theme " , which appeared as a B - side on " Lil ' Dub Chefin ' " , and did a remix of the Herbert Grönemeyer single " Mensch " .
Darren Galea performed turntables as part of the Gorillaz live band on all of the ' Gorillaz ' & ' Demon Days ' Live dates between 2000 and 2006 .
Since the release of Laika Come Home the band has not released any new material .
A'isha bint Talhah ( ) was , according to a Sunni source , the daughter of the prominent Muslim general Talha ibn Ubayd - Allah and Umm Kulthum bint Abu Bakr .
Umm Kulthum was the daughter of the first Sunni Caliph , Abu Bakr .
The Robert C. Byrd Bridge is a continuous truss bridge that crosses the Ohio River between Huntington , West Virginia and Chesapeake , Ohio .
The old 6th Street Bridge closed in the summer of 1993 to allow for the construction of the ramps and approaches in West Virginia and Ohio .
The new bridge was named the Robert C. Byrd Bridge under an executive order from former Governor Gaston Caperton to honor the U.S. senator from West Virginia , who is credited with obtaining the funding for the project that was completed on November 6 , 1994 .
Tyre ( Ṣūr ; Phoenician : Ṣūr ; Syriac - Aramaic : ܣܘܪ , Tzór ; Greek : Τύρος Týros ; ; Tir ; ) , sometimes romanized as Sour , is a district capital in the South Governorate of Lebanon .
Tyre juts out from the coast of the Mediterranean and is located about south of Beirut .
The adjective for Tyre is Tyrian , and the inhabitants are Tyrians .
Today it is the fourth largest city in Lebanon after Beirut , Tripoli and Sidon .
The city has a number of ancient sites , including its Roman Hippodrome , which was added to UNESCO 's list of World Heritage Sites in 1979 .
In Canada , adult adoptees from British Columbia , Newfoundland , and Ontario generally have access to their own birth and adoption information provided no disclosure veto has been filed .
Jason Sheldon Zimmerman ( born February 5 , 1989 ) , known by his gamertag Mew2King , shortened as M2 K , is an American professional Super Smash Bros. player .
He has won more than 70 tournaments during his career , primarily in Super Smash Bros. Melee .
He is one of the " Five Gods " of Melee , along with Juan " Hungrybox " Debiedma , Adam " Armada " Lindgren , Kevin " PPMD " Nanney , and Joseph " Mang0 " Marquez and is also one of the most accomplished Super Smash Bros. Brawl players ever .
He is a skilled player of Super Smash Bros. for Wii U and Project M as well .
In Melee Mew2King primarily plays Marth , Sheik , and Fox , while he plays Meta Knight in Brawl .
He uses his namesake character Mewtwo , as well as Fox and Mario , in Project M and specializes as Kirby in Super Smash Bros. 64 .
In Super Smash Bros. for Wii U , Mew2King 's primary character is Cloud .
The Winnipeg Blue Bombers ( officially the Winnipeg Football Club ) are a Canadian football team based in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
" Exile " is the thirty - second episode of the twenty - ninth series of the British medical drama Casualty .
The episode was filmed on - location in Romania in late 2014 , marking the first time an entire episode of Casualty has been filmed abroad .
" Exile " first aired on 16 May 2015 on BBC One in the United Kingdom .
The plot sees Charlie Fairhead ( Derek Thompson ) and Connie Beauchamp ( Amanda Mealing ) travel to Bucharest to help Charlie 's son Louis ( Gregory Foreman ) , who has become a heroin addict and is planning on selling his kidney to pay his debts .
Sachen Kunga Nyinpo was the 3rd Sakya Trizin and son of Khon Konchok Gyalpo ( 1034 – 1102 ) who was the first Sakya Trizin and founder of the first Sakya Monastery in Tibet in 1073 .
Sachen Kunga Nyingpo , the son of Khon Konchok Gyalpo and an emanation of Manjushri , was born in 1092 into the prominent Khon clan of Sakya .
Sachen passed all the doctrines to his two sons , Sonam Tsemo and Drakpa Gyaltsen .
Christina Surer ( born 26 March 1974 in Basel ) is a Swiss race car driver .
Surer has modelled for Playboy and was married to Formula One driver Marc Surer from 1997 to 2000 .
In 2012 , she became engaged to DTM racer Martin Tomczyk .
I Am is the fifth studio album by the heavy metal band Becoming the Archetype .
The album was recorded between May 21 and June 17 and was released on September 18 , 2012 through Solid State Records .
This album is a departure from the previous effort , as Seth Hecox says , " gone are the sitars and horns of Celestial Completion .
Guitarist / vocalist Seth Hecox is the only original member from the debut album featured on I Am .
The first single to promote the album was the song " The Time Bender " , released on August 28 , 2012 , as well a lyric video and an official video .
Thomas Köner ( born 1965 in Bochum , Germany ) is a multimedia artist whose main interest lies in combining visual and auditory experiences .
Turn Left , Turn Right ( ) is a 2003 joint Hong Kong - Singaporean romance film , filmed in Taipei , Taiwan .
The story is based on the illustrated book A Chance of Sunshine by Taiwanese author Jimmy Liao , who makes a cameo appearance with his wife and daughter in the film .
The Fu River , or Fuhe ( ) , is a river in China 's Jiangxi province .
Its basin occupies most of the Fuzhou prefecture of Jiangxi .
The Fu River has it origin on the northwestern slopes of the Wuyi Mountains , from where it flows in the general north - northwestern and northwestern direction .
Via a network of smaller lakes and channels in Nanchang prefecture , the waters of the Fuhe eventually reach the Poyang Lake , to which it is one of the major tributaries , along with the Gan River ( which flows from the south / southwest ) and a number of smaller rivers coming from the east and west .
Stanley Gordon Orr , ( 28 September 1916 – 11 August 2003 ) was the highest scoring fighter ace of the Royal Navy during the Second World War .
Flying with the Fleet Air Arm he was credited with the destruction of 17 aircraft .
Orr took part in campaigns over Norway and Dunkirk in 1940 and then moved to the Mediterranean aboard .
During this time he was involved in the Battle of Taranto , the defence of Malta , the Battle of Cape Matapan , and land based operations in Egypt .
Maria Elisabeth Ziesenis , later Lampe ( July 26 , 1744 – August 24 , 1796 ) was a German painter .
Born in Frankfurt am Main , Ziesenis was the daughter of Johann Georg Ziesenis , who was also her teacher .
Ziesinis 's sister Margaretha was also a miniature painter .
Ashley Johnson has received the most awards in this category with two wins , both for her portrayal of Ellie in The Last of Us and its expansion .
József Cardinal Mindszenty [ jo : ʒɛf mindsɛnti ] ( 29 March 18926 May 1975 ) was the Prince Primate , Archbishop of Esztergom , cardinal , and leader of the Catholic Church in Hungary from 2   October 1945 to 18   December 1973 .
He died in exile in 1975 in Vienna , Austria .
Tetlin Junction ( also Forty Mile , Tetlin Center , or Tetling Junction ) is an unincorporated community in Southeast Fairbanks Census Area , Alaska , United States .
The official spelling of its name has been " Tetlin Junction " since a Board on Geographic Names ruling in 1950 .
The community is named for its location at the junction of the Alaska and Taylor highways : it lies 8   miles ( 13   km ) east of Tok Junction , 13   miles ( 21   km ) north - northwest of Tetlin , and 11   miles ( 18   km ) east - southeast of Tanacross .
During the heyday of rail transportation in the first half of the 20th century , Chicago , Illinois reigned as the undisputed railroad center of the United States and was served by six intercity train terminals .
With the decline of rail passenger service many of these facilities disappeared ; today only Union Station remains in use in a substantially original form , and is the only one served by Amtrak trains .
The Chicago and North Western Passenger Terminal has been replaced with a newer station and renamed Ogilvie Transportation Center , and LaSalle Street Station has also been replaced with a newer facility .
Millennium Station is on the site of the pre-1893 Illinois Central Railroad Great Central Station , used since then only for commuter trains .
All four stations are used by Metra commuter service .
NOTE : The Chicago , Terre Haute and Southeastern Railway , later part of the Chicago , Milwaukee , St. Paul and Pacific Railroad , never had passenger service in the Chicago area .
Unix (; trademarked as UNIX ) is a family of multitasking , multiuser computer operating systems that derive from the original AT&T ; Unix , development starting in the 1970s at the Bell Labs research center by Ken Thompson , Dennis Ritchie , and others .
Initially intended for use inside the Bell System , AT&T ; licensed Unix to outside parties in the late 1970s , leading to a variety of both academic and commercial Unix variants from vendors including University of California , Berkeley ( BSD ) , Microsoft ( Xenix ) , IBM ( AIX ) , and Sun Microsystems ( Solaris ) .
Google Keep is a note - taking service developed by Google .
Keep offers a variety of tools for taking notes , including text , lists , images , and audio .
Users can set reminders , which are integrated with Google Now .
Lübecker Yacht - Club ( Lübeck Yacht Club ) is a yacht club in Germany .
The club is run by two commodores and has four houses .
The oldest one was established in 1898 in Lübeck , one of the former Hanseatic League cities .
This building houses the club 's youth section and the LYC - Marketing GmbH , a company officially registered by the Yacht Club of Lübeck that runs the projects of the club .
It has three more buildings in nearby Travemünde , a borough of Lübeck located at the mouth of river Trave in Lübeck Bay .
One of these buildings is a restored 1909 boathouse .
The other one is located at a place called Mövenstein , on the former premises of a 1925 seaside resort .
Still there is another building that is a regatta station for the Travemünder Woche , of which the Yacht Club of Lübeck is one of the main organizers .
" Good Life " is a 1990 single by The Braxtons , featuring Toni Braxton and her four sisters : Towanda , Trina , Traci Braxton , and Tamar Braxton .
Toni Braxton and her sisters signed with Arista Records as The Braxtons in 1989 .
The single , backed with " Family " as a B - side , reached # 79 on the Billboard Hot Black Single charts .
The song was n't a major hit but it caught the attention of the songwriting / production team of L.A. Reid and Babyface , who had just formed their own label , LaFace Records ( associated with Arista ) .
Toni Braxton was signed with LaFace as a solo artist .
The Braxtons disbanded as a foursome but would later reunite as a threesome in 1996 , when Trina , Tamar , and Towanda released So Many Ways on Atlantic Records .
" Good Life " is featured on The Essential Toni Braxton .
Mükemmel is the eleventh studio album by Turkish singer - songwriter - diva Hande Yener , released on June 2 , 2014 , by Poll Production .
In Mukemmel , Yener goes back to her ' popular music combined with electronic elements ' roots reminiscent of her previous albums Ask Kadin Ruhundan Anlamiyor , Apayri and Nasil Delirdim .
The album includes mostly upbeat dance tracks and some mid - tempo pop and R&B ; beat - driven ballads .
Yener is able to display her full vocal range through all songs in Mukemmel while showing her powerful , rich and emotive voice .
Maksim Valerevich Zyuzyakin ( Russian : Максим Валерьевич Зюзякин ) ( born 13 January 1991 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who is currently under contract to HC Sarov in the Supreme Hockey League ( VHL ) .
Instead Russian hockey coach Petr Vorobiev led the team as it played part of the 2011 – 2012 season in the VHL , Russia 's equivalent of the American Hockey League .
As the only surviving player , Zyuzyakin later was named captain of Lokomotiv Yaroslavl for the 2011 – 12 VHL season and became a symbol of the team 's revival .
The United Conservative Party ( , PCU ) was a right - wing Chilean political party founded in December 1953 after the merger of the Traditionalist Conservative Party and a faction of the Social Christian Conservative Party , issued from the Conservative Party .
The Weymouth Township School District is a public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade from Weymouth Township , in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " B " , the second - lowest of eight groupings .
For ninth through twelfth grades , public school students attend Buena Regional High School as part of a sending / receiving relationship with the Buena Regional School District .
Students attend the high school from Buena and Buena Vista Township , along with students from Estell Manor , who attend as part of a sending / receiving relationship .
Ruperto Cadava Kangleón ( March 27 , 1890 – February 27 , 1958 ) was a Filipino military figure and politician .
He was a native of the municipality of Macrohon in the now named province of Southern Leyte .
Kangleón was the acknowledged leader of the Resistance Movement in Leyte during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II .
Before the war , Colonel Kangleon was replaced and re - joining the group of soldiers under the pre - war 92nd Infantry Division of the Philippine Army in the General Headquarters in Leyte during the Liberation .
The United States Capitol , often called the Capitol Building , is the home of the United States Congress , and the seat of the legislative branch of the U.S. federal government .
It is located on Capitol Hill at the eastern end of the National Mall in Washington , D.C.
" Guilty " is a vocal duet between Barbra Streisand and Barry Gibb .
Released as a single from Streisand 's 1980 album of the same name .
3 on the US Billboard Hot 100 pop chart and No .
Jagged Little Pill Acoustic is a studio album by Alanis Morissette .
It is a largely acoustic retrospective version of her highly successful third album , Jagged Little Pill ( 1995 ) ; the songs are stripped - down versions of the originals , though producer Glen Ballard has augmented them with studio production effects to create an alternative pop album .
The album was released by Maverick Records in the United States on June 13 , 2005 , available only at North American Starbucks outlets until July 26 , 2005 , when it was made available in other retail stores .
The album 's single in the U.S. was " Hand in My Pocket " .
The A Shau Valley ( Vietnamese : thung lũng A Sầu ) is a valley in Vietnam 's Thừa Thiên - Huế Province , west of the coastal city of Huế , along the border of Laos .
The A Shau Valley is bisected lengthwise by Route 548 .
This plant is native to the Balcones Escarpment on the Edwards Plateau in Texas .
It is endemic to Texas in the United States .
Kakuouzan Nittai - ji ( Japanese:覚王山日泰寺 , Japan - Thailand Temple ) is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Nagoya , Aichi prefecture , Japan .
" Ale jestem " ( English translation : " But I Am " ) was the Polish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997 , performed in Polish by Anna Maria Jopek .
His past roles at Harvard include chairman of Harvard Business Publishing , vice provost for resources and planning , and senior associate dean at HBS .
Güsten is a town in the district of Salzlandkreis , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
It is situated on the river Wipper , west of Bernburg .
Sons and daughters of the place
Arno Philippsthal ( 1887 - 1933 ) , physician and one of the first Jewish victims of the National Socialist rule in Berlin
Breiavatnet is a small lake in the municipality of Stavanger in Rogaland county , Norway .
The lake is very shallow , only a few feet deep .
The lake lies in the city centre of Stavanger , on the border of the boroughs of Storhaug and Eiganes og Våland .
The Stavanger Cathedral , the City Park , and Stavanger Cathedral School lie on the northern shore of the lake .
Lake Capichigamau is a freshwater body of the southern part of the Eeyou Istchee James Bay ( municipality ) , in the region of Nord - du - Québec , in the province of Quebec , Canada .
Ralph Bass ( 1 May 1911 – 5 March 1997 ) , born Ralph Basso , Jr. , was an American rhythm - and - blues record producer and talent scout for several independent labels .
During his career he worked in key roles for Black & White Records , Savoy Records , King Records , Federal Records , and Chess Records , recording some of the greatest performers in African - American music , including Etta James , Sam Cooke , James Brown , Earl Bostic , and groups such as the Platters and the Dominoes .
Due to its popularity , the Laufás redaction later became the basis for the first printed Edition of the Snorra Edda , Peder Hansen Resen 's Edda Islandorum .
The purpose of his efforts was to make a systematic and encyclopedic version of Snorri Sturluson 's Prose Edda .
Yaquina Head ( ) is a headland extending into the Pacific Ocean north of Newport , in the U.S. state of Oregon .
It is the site of the Yaquina Head Light , and is managed as Yaquina Head Outstanding Natural Area by the Bureau of Land Management .
The United States Congress named the headland an Outstanding Natural Area in 1980 .
The headland is along U.S. Route 101 , and is about west of Corvallis .
Possible activities include hiking the area 's five trails , each shorter than , near the ocean or through forests of Douglas fir and Sitka spruce .
The Voice of Frank Sinatra is the first studio album by American singer Frank Sinatra , released on Columbia Records , catalogue C-112 , March 4 , 1946 .
A song featured in the film , but not on the soundtrack is " Crazy " , by Gnarls Barkley .
Svetlana Yakovlevna Jitomirskaya ( born June 4 , 1966 ) is a Soviet - American mathematician working on dynamical systems and mathematical physics .
Both her mother , Valentina Borok , and her father Yakov Zhitomirskii were professors of mathematics .
Manjil Virinja Pookkal ( ) is a 1980 Indian Malayalam - language musical romantic thriller film produced by Navodaya Appachan , written and directed by Fazil .
It stars Shankar , Poornima Jayaram , Mohanlal .
Prem Kishan ( Shankar ) comes to Kodaikanal , where he falls in love with a girl , Prabha ( Poornima ) .
But later it is revealed to Kishan that Prabha was already married to Narendran ( Mohanlal ) , a sadistic youngster .
The film marked several debutsdirectorial debut of Fazil , onscreen debut of Mohanlal who would later become one of the biggest superstars of Indian Cinema and Poornima , Shankar 's debut in Malayalam cinema , and Amaldev as music director .
It was one of the highest - grossing Malayalam films of the year and was a major landmark in the career of Fazil .
She is particularly noted for recreating the style of the original artists in her animations , for example of Raymond Briggs 's picture book , The Snowman .
Hadsund Municipality was a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in North Jutland County on the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark until January 1 , 2007 .
Its last mayor was Karl Christensen , a member of the Social Democrats ( Socialdemokraterne ) political party .
The largest city and the site of its municipal council was the town of Hadsund .
It was merged with former Arden and Hobro municipalities , and parts of Mariager , Aalestrup and Nørager municipalities to form the new Mariagerfjord Municipality .
The new municipality belongs to the Region Nordjylland ( " North Jutland Region " ) .
René - Lévesque is a provincial electoral district in the Côte - Nord region of Quebec , Canada , which elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec .
It includes the Manicouagan Regional County Municipality and La Haute - Côte - Nord Regional County Municipality , as well as the cities of Baie - Comeau and Forestville .
It was created for the 1948 election under the name Saguenay from part of the former Charlevoix - Saguenay electoral district .
Despite its former name , the district has not included the Saguenay – Lac - Saint - Jean region since at least the 1994 election .
It was renamed René - Lévesque for the 2003 election , after former Quebec Premier René Lévesque , although its territory was unchanged .
Avnery was the author of several books about the Israeli – Palestinian conflict , including 1948 : A Soldier 's Tale , the Bloody Road to Jerusalem ( 2008 ) ; Israel 's Vicious Circle ( 2008 ) ; and My Friend , the Enemy ( 1986 ) .
Hirst studied drama arts at the renowned London school Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts .
Maude Hirst is the elder daughter of the producer and writer Michael Hirst , known for the films Elizabeth ( 1998 ) and its sequel ( 2007 ) and most recently for the TV shows The Tudors ( 2007 – 2010 ) and Vikings ( 2013-present ) .
The Ventadour Lake is a freshwater body of the southeastern portion of the Eeyou Istchee James Bay ( municipality ) , in Jamésie , in the administrative region of Nord - du - Québec , in the province of Quebec , in Canada .
" Bože pravde " (; ; God of Justice ) is the national anthem of Serbia , as defined by the Article 7 of the Constitution of Serbia .
" Bože pravde " was the state anthem of the Principality of Serbia and the Kingdom of Serbia until 1918 when Serbia became a part of the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes which was formed that year .
It was recommended by the regional Parliament of Serbia on August 17 , 2004 and constitutionally adopted on November 8 , 2006 , after Serbia became a sovereign state again .
It was then a piece for the theater play Marko kazuje na kome je carstvo ( Marko names the Emperor ) , and its immense popularity with audiences prompted its adoption as the Serbian national anthem .
Ulver ( Norwegian for wolves ) are a Norwegian experimental musical collective founded in 1993 , by vocalist Kristoffer Rygg .
Their early works , such as debut album Bergtatt , were categorised as folklore - influenced black metal , but the band has since evolved a fluid and increasingly eclectic musical style , blending genres such as rock , electronica , symphonic and chamber traditions , noise , progressive and experimental music into their oeuvre .
1997 marked their international debut with the release of their third album Nattens madrigal through German label Century Media .
However , following discord with the label , Kristoffer Rygg formed his own imprint , Jester Records , in 1998 .
Ulver have sold in excess of half a million records , been twice nominated for the Norwegian Grammy Awards , Spellemannsprisen , in different categories , won Album of the Year at the Oslo Awards for Shadows of the Sun in 2008 , won the NATT&DAG ; award for Best Live Act in 2011 , and earned a global reputation for stylistic unpredictability .
Arabella Mansfield ( May 23 , 1846 – August 1 , 1911 ) , born Belle Aurelia Babb , became the first female lawyer in the United States in 1869 , admitted to the Iowa bar ; she made her career as a college educator and administrator .
Despite an Iowa state law restricting the bar exam to males , Mansfield had taken it and earned high scores .
Shortly after her court challenge , Iowa amended its licensing statute and became the first state to accept women and minorities into its bar .
During her career , Mansfield worked primarily as an educator and activist , teaching at Iowa Wesleyan College and DePauw University .
After World War II , Martin revived Bertolt Brecht 's The Threepenny Opera in Berlin , and
Milo II of Montlhéry ( died 1118 ) was lord of Bray and Montlhéry , and viscount of Troyes .
He was the son of Milo I the Great and Lithuise , and younger brother of Guy III of Montlhéry .
In 1118 Hugh of Crecy took revenge for his loss of Montlhéry by having Milo assassinated ; Louis VI then made Montlhéry part of the royal domain of France .
Stuttgart I is one of the 299 single member constituencies used for the German parliament , the Bundestag .
One of two districts covering the city of Stuttgart , it covers four of the city 's five inner districts as well as seven of the twenty three outer districts .
For most of the period until the 1980 election , the constituency was held by the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) .
Since 1980 , with the exception of an SPD gain at the 2002 election , the constituency has been held by the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) .
In 2009 the Greens finished 4.5 % behind .
The closest they came to winning a second constituency seat ( in addition to the Berlin Friedrichshain - Kreuzberg – Prenzlauer Berg East seat that they hold . )
Jim Varsos ( born 1952 in Indiana ) , better known as Hobo Jim , is an American folk singer - songwriter .
In 1994 , Hobo Jim was named Alaska 's official balladeer .
Varsos was raised in Madison , Wisconsin , where he began playing the guitar at the age of 12 .
He hitchhiked to Nashville after some time in college , hoping to make it as a country musician .
After spending time hitchhiking and freight riding around the United States , he made his way to Alaska , where he stayed .
His songs are primarily regional and occupational songs , focusing on Alaska 's commercial fishermen , loggers , and miners .
Perhaps the best known of these songs commemorates the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race .
As of 1989 , Varsos lived part - time in Nashville , where he worked with publisher Pat Higdon , singer Russell Smith , and writer Rory Bourke , among others .
His song " The Rock " , which he co - wrote with Smith , has been recorded by Etta James and George Jones ; he also co - wrote the Janis Ian song " Empty " .
Hülya Şahin , aka Julia " Sunshine " Sahin , ( born February 23 , 1974 in Siegen , West Germany ) is a Turkish professional female boxer with German passport .
The 1.60 m ( 5   ft 3 in ) tall sportswoman lives in Cologne , Germany .
Wendy Boase ( 14 October 1944 – 15 March 1999 ) born in Melbourne , Australia , she was one of the co - founders of the children 's publishing company Walker Books .
After her death Julia Eccleshare ( Children 's Book Editor of the Guardian newspaper and chairman of the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize ) and Anne Marley ( Head of Children ’s , Youth & Schools Services for Hampshire Library & Information Service ) decided to create an annual award named the Branford Boase Award in commemoration of both Wendy Boase and her colleague Henrietta Branford who also died of cancer the same year .
Harz is an unincorporated area in the German district of Goslar .
The uninhabited area is located in the Upper Harz ( Lower Saxony ) .
With a size of 371.76 km² ( 31 December 2006 ) , it is the largest unincorporated area in Germany .
Although there are no residents reported , it carries administrative reasons , the Community Identification Number is 03 1 53 504 .
The area extends over large parts of the Upper Harz , from Seesen / Langelsheim in the northwest to Hohegeiß in the south of the district of Goslar .
The unincorporated area Harz in the district of Goslar has many enclaves : Thus , the districts Wildemann and Altenau - Schulenberg in the Upper Harz of the mountain and university town Clausthal - Zellerfeld , the Braunlage district of Sankt Andreasberg and other settlements ( mostly restaurants ) are completely included .
The administration of the community - free area is incumbent on the Lower Saxony Forestry Office Clausthal , which also takes from some quarries business taxes and in cases of civil status the corresponding certificate ( birth certificate , death certificate ) issues .
Yvette Denise Lee Bowser ( born June 9 , 1965 ) is an American television writer and producer .
She is perhaps best known for writing and producing Half & Half , Living Single , and A Different World .
With Living Single , she became the first African - American woman to develop her own prime - time series .
Bowser created her own company , Sister Lee Productions , which produced or co - produced her later shows , Living Single and Half & Half .
The Great Bear Lake (; Slavey : Sahtú ; ) is the largest lake entirely in Canada ( Lake Superior and Lake Huron straddling the Canada – US border are larger ) , the fourth - largest in North America , and the eighth - largest in the world .
The lake is in the Northwest Territories , on the Arctic Circle between 65 and 67 degrees of northern latitude and between 118 and 123 degrees western longitude , above sea level .
The name originated from the Dënesųłiné word satudene , meaning " grizzly bear water people . "
The Sahtu Dene people are named after the lake .
Grizzly Bear Mountain on the shore of the lake also comes from Denesuline , meaning , " bear large hill . "
The Sahoyue ( Grizzly Bear Mountain ) peninsula on the south side of the lake and the Edacho ( Scented Grass Hills ) peninsula on the west side form the Saoyú-ʔehdacho National Historic Site of Canada .
Brasiguaio ( Portuguese ) or brasiguayo ( Spanish ) is a term referring to Brazilian migrants in Paraguay and their descendants .
They typically live in the Southeastern Paraguayan departments of Canindeyú and Alto Paraná , which border with Brazil .
In San Alberto de Mbaracayú city , approximately 80 % of its 23,000 inhabitants are of Brazilian ancestry .
The origins of Brasiguayos are from the three states of the South Region of Brazil , Paraná , Santa Catarina , and Rio Grande do Sul .
Nikolina Konstantinova Dobreva ( born January 9 , 1989 ) , known professionally as Nina Dobrev ( ) , is a Canadian actress .
She later became known for portraying Elena Gilbert and Katherine Pierce on The CW 's supernatural drama series The Vampire Diaries .
" Down by the Water " is a song by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey .
It is the seventh track and the lead single from her third studio album To Bring You My Love , released in February 1995 on Island Records .
The song diverged significantly from Harvey 's former indie rock and punk blues influence , opting to use electronic instruments such as a synthesized organ and an orchestral ensemble .
" Down by the Water " was Harvey 's mainstream breakthrough in the United States , where the song reached number 2 on Billboards Modern Rock Tracks chart and received extensive rotation on MTV and college radio stations .
Hyrule Warriors is a hack and slash action video game developed by Omega Force and Team Ninja for the Wii U video game console .
The game is a collaboration between Koei Tecmo and Nintendo , and is part of both Nintendo 's The Legend of Zelda and Koei Tecmo 's Dynasty Warriors series .
An updated port for the Nintendo 3DS , titled Hyrule Warriors Legends , was released in Japan in January 2016 and worldwide in March 2016 .
Angélique Paulet ( 1592 – 1651 ) was a French précieuse , singer and lute - playing musician , one of the habitués of the famous literary salon of Catherine de Vivonne , marquise de Rambouillet , where she was called La Lionne rousse and La belle Lionne because of her red hair and proud poise .
She was the daughter of the financier , one of king Henry IV of France 's secretaries .
The Peace Arch Border Crossing connects the towns of Blaine , Washington and Surrey , British Columbia on the Canada – United States border .
The crossing is reached by Interstate 5 on the American side and by British Columbia Highway 99 on the Canadian side .
It serves the most direct route between the major cities of Seattle , Washington and Vancouver , British Columbia , and the crossing is the third - busiest on the border with up to 4,800 cars a day .
Between the two border stations sits the Peace Arch Park , where visitors are free to cross the border within the confines of the park .
Border inspection services at this crossing long predated the 1921 construction of the Peace Arch .
The Canada border station is known as " Douglas " , although it has been known over the years as " White Rock " and " Surrey " .
The US border station is known as " Blaine - Peace Arch " .
The crossing is less than a mile west of the Pacific Highway Border Crossing ; trucks and other commercial vehicles have been prohibited from using the Peace Arch crossing since the 1970s , in an effort to improve the visitation experience of the park .
The Doğu Çalışma Grubu ( DÇG ; ) was an alleged group within the Turkish military said to be linked to the Ergenekon organization , and possibly organised within the Turkish Gendarmerie 's JITEM .
According to former PKK commander Şemdin Sakık , the group was formed in 1993 and carried out a number of assassinations in preparation for the 1993 alleged Turkish military coup .
According to Sakık , these assassinations included ( in 1993 ) President Turgut Özal , former Major Cem Ersever , former Turkish Gendarmerie general commander Eşref Bitlis and General Bahtiyar Aydın .
Turiaf grew up in Martinique then attended high school in Paris and college at Gonzaga University in the United States .
At Gonzaga , Turiaf played for the Bulldogs basketball team and was the leading West Coast Conference scorer in his senior year .
Frederick William Anderson ( September 28 , 1883 – April 28 , 1955 ) was a civil engineer , rancher and political figure in British Columbia .
He represented Kamloops in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1916 to 1924 as a Liberal .
He was born in Ottawa , Ontario , the son of William Anderson , and was educated in Ottawa and at McGill University .
After working on a number of large construction projects across Canada , Anderson moved to Kamloops , British Columbia , where he operated a farm and raised livestock .
He was a lieutenant in the Canadian Engineers of the Canadian Expeditionary Force .
The London Borough of Bexley is a London borough in south - east London , England .
It has common borders with the London Borough of Bromley to the south , the Royal Borough of Greenwich to the west , across the River Thames to the north it borders the London Borough of Havering , the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham and there is a small boundary with the unitary authority of Thurrock in Essex to the north - east .
There is a border with Dartford borough to the east and Sevenoaks district to the south - east , both being in the ceremonial county of Kent .
The Magic Whip is the eighth studio album by English rock band Blur .
It was recorded in Hong Kong and London , and released by Parlophone on 27 April 2015 and Warner Bros. Records on 28 April 2015 .
It is the band 's first studio album since Think Tank ( 2003 ) , marking the longest gap between studio albums in Blur 's career .
Also , it is the first album by the band in North America under Warner Bros. , after Blur were transferred from Virgin Records in 2013 , following the purchase of EMI and its assets by the Universal Music Group in 2012 .
The Karangahake Gorge lies between the Coromandel and Kaimai ranges , at the southern end of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand 's North Island .
There are also several walks and tracks starting at the Karangahake Reserve car park and picnic area ; ranging from 30 minutes to over 2 hours .
William Paul " Bill " Cole III ( born May 16 , 1956 ) is an American businessman , politician and a former Republican member of the West Virginia Senate , representing the 6th district from 2013 to 2017 .
Cole also served in the West Virginia House of Delegates from May 28 , 2010 , to January 12 , 2011 , to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Delegate John Shott .
Cole was the Republican nominee for West Virginia Governor in 2016 , choosing to run for the office rather than run for re - election to the state senate .
In July 751 CE , Tang and Abbasid forces met in the valley of the Talas River to vie for control over the Syr Darya region of central Asia .
The defeat marked the end of Tang westward expansion and resulted in Muslim control of Transoxiana for the next 400 years .
Mark Hollis is the only solo album by the former Talk Talk frontman Mark Hollis .
It was released on Polydor Records on 26 January 1998 , then reissued on Pond Life on 13 March 2000 .
In 2003 , the album was released in LP format on Universal Records .
The album was recorded as part of a two - album contract with Polydor , along with Talk Talk 's 1991 Laughing Stock .
At one point , the record was to be entitled Mountains of the Moon before it was decided to be self - titled ( an early promotional cassette of the album features the original title ) .
Engineer Phill Brown , who also recorded Laughing Stock , stated that , compared to the final Talk Talk album , which he considered " one of [ his ] best projects " but " dark and claustrophobic " , he found the solo release " the opposite … - open , restful and at times fantastically beautiful " .
On 11 October 2011 , Ba Da Bing Records released Mark Hollis on vinyl .
This marks the first time that the album has been issued on vinyl in the US .
The Sardinia Radio Telescope ( SRT ) is a large , fully steerable radio telescope completed in 2011 , near San Basilio , province of Cagliari in Sardinia , Italy .
It is a collaboration among the Istituto di Radioastronomia di Bologna , the Cagliari Observatory ( Cagliari ) and the Arcetri Astrophysical Observatory ( Florence ) .
Friedrich Trendelenburg ( 24 May 1844 – 15 December 1924 ) was a German surgeon .
He was son of the philosopher Friedrich Adolf Trendelenburg , father of the pharmacologist Paul Trendelenburg and grandfather of the pharmacologist Ullrich Georg Trendelenburg .
Odilon Marc Lannelongue ( 4 December 1840 – 22 December 1911 ) was a French surgeon who was a native of Castéra - Verduzan .
In 1911 he founded the Médaille internationale de chirurgie ( Foundation Lannelongue ) in memory of his wife , Marie Lannelongue ( née Cibiel ) , who served as a nurse during the Franco - Prussian War .
Michael Ernest O'Nan ( August 9 , 1943 , Fort Knox , Kentucky – July 31 , 2017 , Princeton , New Jersey ) was an American mathematician , specializing in group theory .
The Sanitarium Health and Wellbeing Company is the trading name of two sister food companies ( Australian Health and Nutrition Association Ltd and New Zealand Health Association Ltd ) .
Founded in Melbourne , Victoria , in 1898 , Sanitarium has factories in Australia and New Zealand , producing a large range of breakfast cereals and vegetarian products .
" Harlem Shake " is a song recorded by American DJ and producer Baauer .
It was released as his debut single on May 22 , 2012 , by Mad Decent imprint label Jeffree 's .
After the song became a hit , Mad Decent label head Diplo reached an agreement with the artists of the song 's samples , which had not been contractually cleared before its release .
However , according to Baauer , he has not received any of the money the song made because of the legal issues from not having properly cleared the samples .
Begoña or more puristically but also more rarely spelled Begoina , meaning ' the lower foot ' ( of Mount Artxanda ) , is a historical municipality of Biscay ( Basque Country , Spain ) that was incorporated to Bilbao in 1925 .
Nowadays the name is limited to the district including Santutxu , Bolueta and Begoña proper , a small residential neighbourhood between the Basilica and the garden area of Etxebarria Park .
La Malinche mountain , also known as Matlalcueye or Malintzin , is an inactive volcano ( dormant for the last 3,100   years ) located in Tlaxcala and Puebla states , in Mexico .
Its height makes it the highest peak in Tlaxcala , the fifth - highest in Puebla , the sixth - highest in Mexico , the 23rd - highest in North America , and the 252nd - highest in the world .
Its height above nearby cities varies from above Huamantla , above Villa Vicente Guerrero , above Tlaxcala to above Puebla .
The summit is from Tlaxcala , from Puebla , and from Mexico City .
Laura Alicia Brown ( born 1970 ) is a former American college and professional golfer .
Brown was born in New Smyrna Beach , Florida .
Brown received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville , Florida , where she played for coach Mimi Ryan 's Florida Gators women 's golf team in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) competition from 1988 to 1991 .
While playing for the Florida Gators , she was recognized as the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) Freshman of the Year in 1988 , and received first - team All - SEC and honorable mention All - American honors in 1991 .
He freed himself , his crew and their families from slavery during the American Civil War by commandeering a Confederate transport ship , CSS Planter , in Charleston harbor , on May 13 , 1862 , and sailing it from Confederate - controlled waters to the U.S. blockade .
His example and persuasion helped convince President Abraham Lincoln to accept African - American soldiers into the Union Army and the Navy .
After the American Civil War , he returned there and became a politician , winning election as a Republican to the South Carolina State legislature and the United States House of Representatives during the Reconstruction era .
Smalls authored state legislation providing for South Carolina to have the first free and compulsory public school system in the United States .
He founded the Republican Party of South Carolina .
Rhoda Grant ( born 26 June 1963 ) is a Scottish Labour and Co - operative Party politician , and Member of the Scottish Parliament for Highlands and Islands region from 1999 to 2003 and since 2007 .
In the 1999 election she was elected to a list seat for the Highlands and Islands .
In the 2011 election she was re - elected as a list MSP for the Highlands and Islands region .
Prior to her election Grant worked for the trade union UNISON and Highland Regional Council .
Grand Theft Auto : Vice City is an action - adventure video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games .
It is the sixth title in the Grand Theft Auto series and the first main entry since 2001 's Grand Theft Auto III .
Set within the fictional Vice City , based on Miami , the game follows Tommy Vercetti following his release from prison .
Machine + Soul is the eleventh solo studio album by English musician Gary Numan , released in 1992 .
Numan 's two previous studio albums , 1988 's Metal Rhythm and 1991 's Outland , had been released through IRS Records .
However , Numan 's relationship with that label had become strained , leading to his quitting IRS and reactivating his own label , Numa Records , on which he had released his work from 1984 until 1986 .
He continued to release albums on that label , before closing it down permanently after Sacrifice .
She died on the evening of April 23 , 1981 , a month before her 81st birthday , and was buried in Elmwood Cemetery in Lorain , Ohio .
Pope John Paul II , President Jimmy Carter and his wife Rosalynn were admirers of her artistry .
" Time Will Crawl " is a song recorded by English singer David Bowie , serving as the second single for his seventeenth album , Never Let Me Down ( 1987 ) .
Released in 1987 by EMI , the recording addresses the destruction of the planet by pollution and industry ; the Chernobyl disaster was a direct influence on the lyrics .
The accompanying video served as a teaser to Bowie 's Glass Spider Tour ( 1987 ) .
Sulafjorden is a fjord ( more accurately , a sound ) in Sula Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
It is located on the border of Sula Municipality and Hareid Municipality .
The great Storfjorden flows out into the Sulafjorden which then flows out into the Breidsundet sound , and on into the ocean .
The island of Sula sits on the northeast side of the fjord and the island of Hareidlandet is to the southwest .
The main settlements along the fjord include the villages of Brandal , Hareid , and Hjørungavåg , all on Hareidlandet .
Nairobi City Stars is an association football club based in Nairobi , Kenya .
They currently compete in the Kenyan Premier League .
The club was founded in 2003 as World Hope Football Club , when it took over Kawangware FC , who had been relegated from the Premier League .
After one season in the Nationwide League , World Hope was promoted to the Kenyan Premier League .
Nairobi City Stars retained the home ground Hope Centre , located in Kawangware suburb of Nairobi .
The club have an academy known as the Vapour FC .
The British edition of the fashion magazine Vogue is currently owned and distributed by US media company Conde Nast .
British Vogue has been published since autumn 1916 .
The National Socialist Freedom Movement ( , NSFB ) or National Socialist Freedom Party ( , NSFP ) was a far - right political party in Weimar Germany created in April 1924 during the aftermath of the Beer Hall Putsch .
Adolf Hitler and many Nazi leaders were jailed after the failed coup attempt and the Nazi Party was outlawed in what came to be known as the Time of Struggle .
The remaining Nazis formed the NSFB as a legal means of carrying on the party and its ideology .
Eugene Davidson notes that " [ t]he Far Right could not agree on much of anything for long , not even on who was the chief enemy " , with NSFP Reichstag deputy Reinhold Wulle believing that the Catholics were a greater danger than the Jews .
In 1954 , Democratic Rep. James J. Delaney of New York authored the first bill submitted to the U.S. Congress banning the manufacture and sale of switchblades , beginning a wave of legal restrictions worldwide and a consequent decline in their popularity .
" Ashtray Heart " is the third official single from Placebo 's sixth studio album , Battle for the Sun .
It was released in all of Europe , except for the United Kingdom and Norway , with " The Never - Ending Why " being released in these two countries a week prior ( 14 September 2009 ) .
Ashtray Heart was a duo consisted of Molko and Olsdal , before they decided to try out as a serious band and began the search for a drummer .
Others criticize its vagueness , claiming that there is " no consensus as to what it stands for " other than being an alternative to the neoliberal Washington Consensus , and that the term " is applied to anything that happens in Beijing , regardless of whether or not it has to do with a ' Chinese Model of Development , ' or even with the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) per se " .
Bur Dubai ( in Arabic : بر دبي ) is a historic district in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , located on the western side of the Dubai Creek .
The name literally translates to Mainland Dubai , a reference to the traditional separation of the Bur Dubai area from Deira by the Dubai Creek .
This is because Bur Dubai historically consisted of all districts between the western bank of the Creek and Jumeirah .
The Ruler 's Court is located in the district adjacent to the Grand Mosque .
The district is home to several mosques including the Grand Mosque with the city 's tallest minaret , and the blue tiled Iranian Mosque .
The country 's only Hindu temple is situated between the Grand Mosque and the Creek .
Yle Teema & Fem is a Finnish television channel owned and operated by Finnish public broadcaster Yle .
It was launched on 24 April 2017 , after Yle Teema and Yle Fem merged to this channel .
Teema & Fem is Yle 's channel for culture , education , and science .
Outside prime time , Teema & Fem shows selected programmes acquired from Sveriges Television , Sweden 's equivalent of Yle .
The National Peasants ' Party ( Partidul Național Țărănesc or PNȚ ) was a Romanian political party , formed in 1926 through the fusion of the Romanian National Party ( ) from Transylvania and the Peasants ' Party ( ) from the prewar kingdom .
It was in power for most of the time between 1928 and 1933 with longtime leader Iuliu Maniu as prime minister .
A former member , Corneliu Coposu , claimed that 270,000 PNȚ members were sent to prisons and work camps , where three quarters of them perished , beginning in 1947 when the party was banned by the Communist government following the Tămădău Affair .
Both party president Iuliu Maniu and deputy leader Ion Mihalache died in prison during the Communist regime .
Former PNȚ members Corneliu Coposu and Ion Rațiu founded a new party in December 1989 under the name Christian Democratic National Peasants ' Party ( , PNȚCD or PNȚcd ) .
Sue Ryder is a charity ( originally called the Sue Ryder Foundation and more recently Sue Ryder Care ) which was founded in 1953 by Sue Ryder , with the creation of a nursing home in Suffolk , UK .
Sue Ryder supports people with complex needs and life - threatening illnesses across the UK and internationally .
The charity is headquartered at Upper Woburn Place in London and is a registered charity in England & Wales .
In 2011/12 Sue Ryder had an annual expenditure of £ 81.9 million , placing it in the top 60 of UK voluntary organisations ranked by expenditure .
Andes to Amazon is a nature documentary TV series co - produced by the BBC Natural History Unit in Bristol , England and Animal Planet , first transmitted in the UK on BBC2 in November 2000 .
The Evening Post was an afternoon metropolitan daily newspaper based in Wellington , New Zealand .
With his partner from what proved to be a false - start at Havelock , David Curle , who left the partnership that July , Henry and his three sons printed with a hand - operated press and distributed Wellington 's first daily newspaper , The Evening Post , on 8 February 1865 .
Divinyls were an Australian rock band that was formed in Sydney in 1980 .
The band was inducted into the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) Hall of Fame in 2006 and in late 2007 Amphlett and McEntee reconvened to record a new single and begin working on a new album .
" To Be or Not to Be " ( also known as " The Hitler Rap " ) is a song recorded by Mel Brooks in 1983 for Island Records .
Aussois is a commune in the Vanoise massif , in the Savoie department in the Auvergne - Rhône - Alpes region in south - eastern France .
The village is on the border of France 's first National Park , the Vanoise National Park .
Sanford is a city in York County , Maine , United States .
Situated on the Mousam River , Sanford includes the village of Springvale .
Sanford is part of the Portland – South Portland – Biddeford , Maine metropolitan statistical area .
L.A. Woman is the sixth studio album by the American rock band the Doors , released on April 19 , 1971 , on Elektra Records .
It is the last to feature the group 's lead singer , Jim Morrison , who died three months after the album 's release .
It saw the band continue to integrate elements of blues back into their music , a direction begun with their previous album , Morrison Hotel .
" Love Her Madly " was released as a single in March 1971 , preceding the album 's release , and it reached the Top 20 in the Billboard Hot 100 .
An additional single in support of the album , " Riders on the Storm " , also achieved chart success on Billboard and in the UK .
Critics Richie Unterberger and David Quantick have both called L.A. Woman one of the Doors ' best albums , citing Morrison 's unwavering enthusiasm in his vocal performance , and the band 's stripped - down return to their blues rock roots .
He is the only UN peacekeeper to receive the Param Vir Chakra ( PVC ) , India 's highest wartime military decoration .
The Mendham Township Public Schools is a community public school district serving students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade in Mendham Township , in Morris County , New Jersey , United States .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " J " , the highest of eight groupings .
Students in public school for ninth through twelfth grades attend West Morris Mendham High School , which is located in Mendham Borough and serves students from Chester Borough , Chester Township , Mendham Borough and Mendham Township .
The school is part of the West Morris Regional High School District , which also serves students from Washington Township at West Morris Mendham High School .
In Sumerian religion , Ninlil ( 𒀭𒊩𒌆𒆤 NIN.LÍL"lady of the open field " or " Lady of the Wind " ) , also called Sud , in Assyrian called Mulliltu , is the consort goddess of Enlil .
Another Akkadian source says she is the daughter of Anu ( a.k.a .
An ) and Antu ( Sumerian Ki ) .
Impregnated by her husband Enlil , who lie with her by the water , she conceived a boy , Nanna / Suen , the future moon god .
Enlil impregnated her disguised as the gatekeeper , where upon she gave birth to their son Nergal , god of death .
In some texts Ninlil is also the mother of Ninurta , the heroic god who slew Asag the demon with his mace , Sharur .
She may be the Goddess of the South Wind referred to in the story of Adapa , as her husband Enlil was associated with northerly winter storms .
Alexander I Aldea ( 1397 – 1436 ) was a Voivode of Wallachia ( 1431–1436 ) from the House of Basarab , son of Mircea the Elder .
Alexander I took the throne by ousting Dan II of Wallachia , father to Basarab II .
Upon his death , his half - brother Vlad II Dracul assumed the throne and would hold it off and on until he was killed in 1447 .
Alexander I was the uncle of Vlad Tepes ( son of Vlad II Dracul ) , the inspiration for the Bram Stoker 's novel Dracula .
The Loudoun County Commuter Bus , also known as Loudoun County Transit , is a public - transportation service provided by the Loudoun County , Virginia government .
The buses operate from Dulles , Leesburg , and Purcellville to Washington Metro stations as well as directly to Rosslyn , Virginia , The Pentagon , and Washington , D.C ..
The service is attractive because the buses , unlike normal traffic , are permitted to travel on the express lanes of the Dulles Toll Road .
Loudoun County Transit buses also operates local bus service through Sterling , Ashburn , & Leesburg .
The Stade Pierre de Coubertin ( French : Pierre de Coubertin Stadium ) is an indoor arena in Paris , France .
It is the home venue of the Paris - Levallois Basket basketball team and the Open Gaz de France women 's tennis tournament .
The Stade Pierre de Coubertin opened in 1937 for the Universal Exposition ; it was rebuilt after the Second World War in 1946 .
In addition to being the home of the Paris BR , the Stade Pierre de Coubertin each year hosts 2 fencing Grand Prix : Challenge International de Paris ( in January ) and Challenge Monal ( in February ) ; and a women 's tennis tournament : Open Gaz de France ( in February ) .
The stadium was used as a detention centre during the Paris massacre of 1961 .
WVBT , virtual channel 43 ( UHF digital channel 29 ) , is a Fox - affiliated television station licensed to Virginia Beach , Virginia , United States , serving the Hampton Roads area of southeastern Virginia ( comprising the cities of Virginia Beach , Norfolk , Portsmouth , Newport News , Hampton and environs ) , and the Outer Banks region of northeastern North Carolina .
The two stations share studios on Wavy Street in downtown Portsmouth ; WVBT 's transmitter is located in the Driver neighborhood of Suffolk , Virginia .
WVBT 's programming can also be seen on two Class A repeaters : WPMC - CD ( channel 36 ) in Mappsville , Virginia ; and WNLO - CD ( channel 45 ) in Norfolk .
Prem Bandhan (; translation : bond of love ) is a 1979 Indian Hindi film directed by Ramanand Sagar .
Rest Inside the Flames is the third album by metalcore band 36 Crazyfists .
The album was released in the United States on November 7 via the band 's new North American label , DRT Entertainment .
Crazyfists front man , Lindow , was pleased with Jenkins appearance on the album and said , in an interview , " Only Living Witness was one of our favorite bands growing up , so we really wanted him to be on the record .
The first single released from the album was " I 'll Go Until My Heart Stops " .
Hinduism in Los Angeles made its first significant impact in the late 19th century when wandering Hindu monk Swami Vivekananda ( 1863 –1902 ) , a disciple of Ramakrishna Paramahamsa , came on his second visit to the United States .
Swami Paramananda , a disciple of Swami Vivekananda , founded the Vedanta centres in Los Angeles and Boston .
The Los Angeles Hindu Society is based at the Pasadena Hindu Temple , which claims to " promote the religious , social and cultural activities and the spiritual well being of the Hindu community in the U.S. state of California .
Plattsburgh International Airport is a county public use airport located three   nautical miles ( 6   km ) south of the central business district of Plattsburgh , a city in Clinton County , New York , United States .
The airport is located at the former Plattsburgh Air Force Base and has been owned by Clinton County since 2002 .
The old base is still being redeveloped by Plattsburgh Airbase Redevelopment Corporation , established in 1995 after the airbase closed .
The airport 's massive facilities have been upgraded to civilian aviation standards and the county fully transitioned here from Clinton County Airport as of June 2007 .
Scheduled passenger service to Boston at this airport is subsidized by the United States Department of Transportation via the Essential Air Service program .
It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011 – 2015 , which categorized it as a primary commercial service airport ( more than 10,000 enplanements per year ) .
As per Federal Aviation Administration records , the airport had 45,998 passenger boardings ( enplanements ) in 2008 , 73,159 enplanements in 2009 , 94,808 in 2010 , and 139,698 in 2011 .
grenade or sticky bomb , was a British hand grenade designed and produced during the Second World War .
The grenade was one of a number of anti - tank weapons developed for use by the British Army and Home Guard as an ad hoc solution to a lack of sufficient anti - tank guns in the aftermath of the Dunkirk evacuation .
It was primarily issued to the Home Guard , but was also used by British and Commonwealth forces in North Africa , accounting for six German tanks ; used by Allied Forces on the Anzio Beachhead , including the First Special Service Force ; as well as by Australian Army units during the New Guinea campaign .
Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited , d / b / a Jio , is an Indian mobile network operator .
Owned by Reliance Industries and headquartered in Navi Mumbai , Maharashtra , it operates a national LTE network with coverage across all 22 telecom circles .
On 5 July 2018 , fixed line broadband service named Gigafiber , was launched by the Reliance Industries Limited 's chairman Mukesh Ambani , during the company 's Annual General Meeting .
Mullion ( ) is a civil parish and village on the Lizard Peninsula in south Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The nearest town is Helston approximately five miles ( 8   km ) to the north ..
Mullion civil parish encompasses the church town ( now known simply as Mullion ) and four smaller settlements : Mullion Cove and Predannack to the southwest ; Trewoon and Meaver to the east .
Mullion is bordered by the parishes of Gunwalloe and Cury to the north , Grade - Ruan to the east , Landewednack to the south , and by Mount 's Bay to the west .
The parish also includes Mullion Island , a uninhabited island approximately half a mile ( 0.8   km ) offshore from Mullion Cove .
The island is home to large colonies of seabirds and is owned by the National Trust .
" Sentiments songes " ( " Liar feelings " , portmanteau between " sentiments " and " mensonges " ) was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1997 , performed in French by Fanny .
The song was performed twenty - second on the night , following Denmark 's Kølig Kaj with " Stemmen i mit liv " and preceding Croatia 's E.N.I.
with " Probudi me " .
It was succeeded as French representative at the 1998 Contest by Marie Line with " Où aller " .
The Asian Netball Championship is a netball competition held every two years with teams from across Asia competing .
The fifth Asian Netball Championships was held in Colombo , Sri Lanka in 2001 .
Hong Kong , India , Pakistan , Malaysia , Maldives , Singapore , Thailand and Sri Lanka competed .
The Niagara Stars played in the independent Canadian Baseball League that existed for half of the summer season of 2003 before folding .
Located in the city of Welland , Ontario the team featured a variety of international ballplayers from Canada , the Dominican Republic , and the United States .
The Stars were managed by former major leaguer Pete LaCock ( son of American TV personality Peter Marshall ) who led the team to a 15 - 15 record before league officials pulled the plug on the season at the half - way point .
Ugadi ( Ugādi , Samvatsarādi , Yugadi ) is the New Year 's Day for the people of Andhra Pradesh , Telangana and Karnataka states in India .
The same day is observed as a New Year by Hindus in many other parts of India .
For example , it is called Gudi Padwa in Maharashtra , but sometimes observed a Gregorian day earlier because the lunar day starts and ends in Hindu calendar according to the position of the moon .
In Karnataka , the festival is celebrated as Yugadi .
Noordeloos is a town in the Dutch province of South Holland .
It is a part of the municipality of Giessenlanden , and lies about north of Gorinchem .
Noordeloos was a separate municipality until 1986 , when it became part of Giessenlanden .
Nordeloos is the name of a small village in Ottawa County , Michigan .
The Kaiser Aluminum Hour is a dramatic anthology television series which was broadcast in prime time in the United States during the 1956 - 57 season by NBC .
Montagnani was born in Alessandria , Piedmont , and debuted as theatre actor thanks to the help of Erminio Macario .
Sunnyside is a historic home located in Aquasco , Prince George 's County , Maryland , United States .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 .
The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War and is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces .
A recipient must distinguish themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States .
The medal is presented to the recipient by the President of the United States on behalf of the Congress .
Samuel Gross was the only Jewish American Marine to receive the medal for his actions in Fort Riviere , Haiti .
Theóphile Auguste Stahl ( Bergamo , May 23 , 1828 – Alsace , October 30 , 1877 ) or simply Augusto Stahl , as he was known in Brazil , was a French photographer who lived during the 19th century .
Born in Bergamo , in Italy , son of a Lutheran priest , Stahl disembarked in Recife on December 31 , 1853 , on board the ship Thames , of the Royal Mail .
He also documented the construction of the second Brazilian railway and the visit of Dom Pedro II to Recife , in 1858 .
" Dozing Green " ( stylized DOZING GREEN ) is a single by Dir En Grey , released on October 24 , 2007 in Japan and across Europe as well as in the iTunes Store until the end of October .
The Japanese edition includes two b - sides , " Hydra -666- " and " Agitated Screams of Maggots [ Live ] " .
The music video for " Dozing Green " shows cells from The Drifting Classroom by horror manga artist Kazuo Umezu .
" Dozing Green " is one of the two singles featured on Uroboros , along with " Glass Skin " .
The heavily glaciated Weißkamm is an Alpine chain that includes the Weißkugel ( ) and Wildspitze ( ) , the two highest peaks in the Ötztal Alps .
Apart from the Weißkugel and the Wildspitze , other important summits on the Weißkamm are the Fluchtkogel ( ) , the Hochvernagtspitze ( ) , the Hinterer Brunnenkogel ( ) and the Hinterer Brochkogel ( )
Como ( , ; , or ; ) is a city and comune in Lombardy , Italy .
It is the administrative capital of the Province of Como .
Its proximity to Lake Como and to the Alps has made Como a tourist destination , and the city contains numerous works of art , churches , gardens , museums , theatres , parks and palaces : the Duomo , seat of the Diocese of Como ; the Basilica of Sant'Abbondio ; the Villa Olmo ; the public gardens with the Tempio Voltiano ; the Teatro Sociale ; the Broletto or the city 's medieval town hall ; and the 20th century Casa del Fascio .
With 215,320 overnight guests , in 2013 Como was the fourth most visited city in Lombardy after Milan , Bergamo and Brescia .
Como was the birthplace of many historical figures , including the poet Caecilius mentioned by Catullus in the 1st century BCE , writers Pliny the Elder and Pliny the Younger , Pope Innocent XI , scientist Alessandro Volta , and Cosima Liszt , second wife of Richard Wagner and long - term director of the Bayreuth Festival .
The Australian Fabians have had a significant influence on public policy development in Australia since the Second World War , with many of its members having held influential political offices in Australian governments .
An earlier experiment with Fabianism in Australia was initiated in Adelaide in 1891 by the Rev Charles Marson , who had joined the Fabians in London in 1885 and drew in trade unionists like David Charleston , Robert Guthrie and John McPherson as well as social reformers like James & Lucy Morice into the first overseas branch of the UK Fabian Society .
Three Forms ( BH 72 ) is an abstract sculpture by Barbara Hepworth , completed in 1935 .
The sculpture was one of the first works completed by Hepworth after the birth of her triplets with Ben Nicholson in October 1934 .
He is a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences .
Sagdeev was married to , and divorced from , Susan Eisenhower , granddaughter of Dwight D. Eisenhower .
He is the older son of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg .
His father Julius , an electrical engineer , and mother Ethel ( née Greenglass ) , a union organizer , were members of the Communist Party .
Following graduation in 1811 , he worked under Tenore as a manager of the Orto Botanico di Napoli ( botanical garden in Naples ) .
This is a list of European basketball players who have played in the United States at either professional or NCAA Division I level .
Jeff Taylor , whose story is similar to that or Carter , except that his eventual country of citizenship was Sweden .
However , his son Jeffery , born in Sweden as a dual citizen of both the U.S. and Sweden , is listed .
In addition , NBA players are considered to be playing in the United States even if they have played only for a Canada - based team ( currently the Toronto Raptors , and in the past the Vancouver Grizzlies and Toronto Huskies ) .
Aigars Kriķis ( August 28 , 1954 , Riga – February 15 , 1999 ) was a Latvian Soviet luger who competed during the late 1970s .
He won the gold medal at the men 's doubles ( together with Dainis Bremze ) event at the 1978 FIL World Luge Championships in Imst , Austria .
Kriķis also won a bronze medal in the men 's doubles event at the 1976 FIL European Luge Championships in Hammarstrand , Sweden .
Born in Riga , Latvia .
The Glasscock County Courthouse is an historic courthouse building located in Garden City , Glasscock County , Texas .
Built in 1909 to 1910 at a cost of $ 28,000 , it was designed by Georgia - born American architect Edward Columbus Hosford , who is noted for the courthouses and other buildings that he designed in Florida , Georgia and Texas .
Based on the play Ladies and Gentlemen by Ernest Vajda , the film is about the famous eighteenth century British actor David Garrick , who travels to France for a guest appearance at the Comédie Française .
Victoria has the highest density of roads of any state in Australia .
Unlike Australia 's other mainland states where vast areas are very sparsely inhabited , Victoria has population centres spread out over most of the state , with only the far north - west and the Victorian Alps without permanent settlement .
The state capital , Melbourne , has the most extensive freeway network in Australia .
VicRoads is responsible for road planning , motor vehicle registration , and driver licensing in Victoria .
The Victorian government has set up a framework for the integration of transport facilities in the State .
Roads in Victoria are shared by a multitude of modes of transport , ranging from trucks to bicycles , public buses , trams , taxis as well as private cars of all types .
Victoria was the first jurisdiction in the world to introduce compulsory seat belt legislation .
Victorian road laws are constantly reviewed .
The number of road fatalities recorded in Victoria for the year up to June 2011 was reported to be " significantly higher " than it was for the same period in 2010 .
Dhangadhi ( ) is a sub - metropolitan city and the district headquarters of Kailali District in Sudurpashchim Pradesh of Nepal .
It shares a border with Uttar Pradesh , India in the south , Godawari and Gauriganga Municipality in the North , Kailari Rural Municipality in the east and Kanchanpur District in the west .
It is one of the major cities of far - western region of Nepal along with Bhimdatta .
It became the first sub - metropolitan city in the far - west after it was upgraded to a sub - metropolis from municipality status on 18 September 2015 as the village development committees Fulbari and Urma were merged into Dhangadhi .
Kamboji is a 2017 Indian Malayalam - language musical thriller film written and directed by Vinod Mankara .
The film stars Vineeth and Lakshmi Gopalaswamy in the lead roles , and Sona Nair and Rachana Narayanankutty in supporting roles .
The film 's score and soundtrack was composed by M. Jayachandran .
In a small village in Palakkad district of Kerala , Kunjunni ( Vineeth ) , a Kathakali artiste and Uma Antharjanam ( Lakshmi ) , a Mohiniyattam dancer unites and their passion towards their art blossoms into love , but a tragedy strikes in the form of a murder .
It is native to a very small region around the border between North Carolina and Tennessee in the United States .
There is one population each in Avery and Mitchell Counties in North Carolina and Carter County , Tennessee , a region measuring about 15 square miles ( 38   km ) .
Hans Meiser ( 16 February 1881 , Nuremberg - 8 June 1956 , Munich ) was a German Protestant theologian , pastor and from 1933 to 1955 the first ' Landesbischof ' of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria .
Today Meiser 's political stance between 1933 and 1945 is intensely studied and debated within the parameters of Germany 's Culture of Remembrance .
The development of Overwatch started in the fallout following Blizzard 's decision to cancel continued development of the massively multiplayer online role - playing game Titan around 2013 .
Annia Galeria Aurelia Faustina ( c. 151-after 165 ) was the eldest child of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius and his wife , Faustina the Younger .
Her younger sister was Lucilla and her younger brother was Commodus .
Her maternal grandparents were Antoninus Pius and Faustina the Elder , while her paternal grandparents were Domitia Lucilla and praetor Marcus Annius Verus .
Gnaeus Claudius Severus was a Roman Senator of Pontian Greek descent that came from Pompeiopolis , a city in the Roman province of Galatia .
Faustina bore Claudius Severus a son , Tiberius Claudius Severus Proculus , who served as consul in 200 .
Why Did n't They Ask Evans ?
is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in the United Kingdom by the Collins Crime Club in September 1934 and in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company in 1935 under the title of The Boomerang Clue .
Bobby and his friend Lady Frances Derwent have adventures as they solve the mystery of the man 's last words , Why did n't they ask Evans ?
Robert Barnard , writing in 1990 , called it " Lively " but compared it to Evelyn Waugh 's Vile Bodies and felt that the detectives were too much the amateurs .
Born , raised and educated in Toronto , Ontario , Mustard began his career as a research fellow at the University of Toronto where he studied the effects of blood lipids , their relation to heart disease and how Aspirin could mitigate those effects .
American television comedian Stephen Colbert coined the term truthiness in this meaning as the subject of a segment called " The Wørd " during the pilot episode of his political satire program The Colbert Report on October 17 , 2005 .
He particularly applied it to U.S. President George W. Bush 's nomination of Harriet Miers to the Supreme Court and the decision to invade Iraq in 2003 .
Religion in Iceland has been predominantly Christian since its adoption as the state religion by the Althing under the influence of Olaf Tryggvason , the king of Norway , in 999/1000 CE .
He is the first All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( AIADMK ) candidate to become the Mayor of Chennai .
The Adelaide Rams were an Australian professional rugby league football club based in Adelaide , South Australia .
They remain the only team from the state of South Australia to have participated in top - level rugby league in Australia .
Thomas Simon ( c. 1623 – 1665 ) , English medalist , was born , according to Vertue , in Yorkshire about 1623 .
He worked together with his brother Abraham Simon .
The Chaser APEC pranks were a series of comic stunts that targeted the Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) Leaders Summit ( 2–9 September 2007 ) , in Sydney , Australia .
Patricia Russell , Countess Russell ( 1910 – 2004 ) was the third wife of philosopher Bertrand Russell , and a significant contributor to his book A History of Western Philosophy .
She met Bertrand Russell in 1930 when she was a twenty - year - old undergraduate at the University of Oxford , hired by Russell 's second wife Dora Black as a governess .
They had one son , Conrad Sebastian Robert Russell , 5th Earl Russell , who became a prominent historian and one of the leading figures in the Liberal Democrat party .
The New Market Wizards is a book by Jack D. Schwager published on January 26 , 1992 by HarperCollins .
The format is very similar to his 1988 Market Wizards , with a new selection of interviews with super - traders .
It was produced by Shankar 's friend George Harrison and one of the first releases on the ex - Beatle 's Dark Horse label .
The title Shankar Family & Friends refers to the group - participation approach to the music , from Shankar 's sister - in - law Lakshmi and son Shubho to a host of " friends " from the Indian subcontinent , Europe and the United States .
The album features the Harrison - arranged pop bhajan " I Am Missing You " and a jazz - funk instrumental , " Dispute & Violence " , the latter a part of an intended ballet , titled Dream , Nightmare & Dawn .
Ardhanaari ( 2012 ) is a Malayalam film about the life of transgender people in Kerala .
Vinayan ( Manoj K. Jayan ) , is a transgender person with male physique and female behavioral traits which leads to ridicule and snide remarks from his brother and others .
Beatrix A. Hamburg ( October 19 , 1923 – April 15 , 2018 ) was an American psychiatrist whose long career in academic medicine advanced the field of child and adolescent psychiatry .
Hamburg was the first African - American to attend Vassar College , and was also the first African - American woman to attend Yale Medical School .
She was a member of the National Academy of Medicine and a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
She received a Foremother Award for her lifetime of accomplishments from the National Research Center for Women & Families in 2012 .
She appeared in the US market , featuring on The New York Times best - seller list and in Oprah 's Book Club .
The Google Assistant is an artificial intelligence - powered virtual assistant developed by Google that is primarily available on mobile and smart home devices .
Google has also announced that the Assistant will be able to identify objects and gather visual information through the device 's camera , and support purchasing products and sending money , as well as identifying songs .
Assistant initially debuted in May 2016 as part of Google 's messaging app Allo , and its voice - activated speaker Google Home .
Unlike the company 's previous virtual assistant , Google Now , the Google Assistant can engage in two - way conversations .
Live from Here , formerly known as A Prairie Home Companion with Chris Thile , is an American variety radio show known for its musical guests , especially folk and traditional musicians , tongue - in - cheek radio drama , and relaxed humor .
Hosted by Chris Thile , it airs on Saturday evenings and is usually recorded in front of a live audience at the Fitzgerald Theater in St. Paul , Minnesota , although the show frequently goes on tour to New York City and other U.S. cities .
After two unprecedented guest host spots in 2015 , Keillor decided on his successor , featured Thile as host again in January – February 2016 , and fully ceded his hosting role to Thile in the October 2016 performance at the Fitzgerald Theater in St. Paul , Minnesota , continuing as the show 's Executive Producer .
Maker - with - Rame ( ) is a civil parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
It is situated on the Rame Peninsula , approximately four miles ( 6.5   km ) south of Saltash and two miles ( 3   km ) west of Plymouth .
It occupies the eastern end of the Rame peninsula and is surrounded on three sides by sea : the Hamoaze to the north , Plymouth Sound to the east , and the English Channel to the south and southwest .
The population of the parish ( including Anderton ) at the 2011 census was 1,020 .
Other settlements in the parish include Cawsand , Cremyll and Kingsand .
" The Tuxedo Begins " is the eighth episode of the sixth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock , and the 111th overall episode of the series .
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company ( NBC ) network in the United States on February 16 , 2012 .
In this episode , Jack Donaghy ( Alec Baldwin ) considers running for mayor of New York City after he is mugged on his way to work ; Liz Lemon ( Tina Fey ) becomes frustrated by increasing disorderly behaviour on the subway and decides to get in on it by imitating a mentally ill elderly woman to scare people away ; and Jenna Maroney ( Jane Krakowski ) and boyfriend Paul ( Will Forte ) consider living normally as a couple as a potential new fetish , but become concerned that they are in fact simply settling down .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security , initially created by Presidential Reorganization Plan No .
The agency 's primary purpose is to coordinate the response to a disaster that has occurred in the United States and that overwhelms the resources of local and state authorities .
The governor of the state in which the disaster occurs must declare a state of emergency and formally request from the president that FEMA and the federal government respond to the disaster .
The only exception to the state 's gubernatorial declaration requirement occurs when an emergency or disaster takes place on federal property or to a federal asset — for example , the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , or the Space Shuttle Columbia in the 2003 return - flight disaster .
While on - the - ground support of disaster recovery efforts is a major part of FEMA 's charter , the agency provides state and local governments with experts in specialized fields and funding for rebuilding efforts and relief funds for infrastructure by directing individuals to access low - interest loans , in conjunction with the Small Business Administration .
Penny Crayon is a children 's television series that was produced for the BBC in the United Kingdom and YTV in Canada .
It was first broadcast on BBC One from 14 September 1989 to 1 October 1990 and was made by Maddocks Animation , which had previously produced Jimbo and the Jet - Set and The Family - Ness .
was an Indian engineer and politician .
He was nominated as member of the Rajya Sabha the Upper house of Indian Parliament in 1958 , but resigned in 1959 and joined the Planning Commission of India .
Ter Heijde is a village in the Dutch province of South Holland .
It is a part of the municipality of Westland , and lies about 11   km west of The Hague .
Ter Heijde is known for the Battle of Ter Heijde ( also known as The Battle of Scheveningen ) .
This was the final battle , in 1653 , of the First Anglo - Dutch War , which saw the death of Admiral Maarten Tromp .
In 1677 Prince William of Orange and his recently married wife Mary ( the future King William III and Queen Mary II of England ) were forced to land at Ter Heijde , Rotterdam being ice bound .
Brabrand Lake ( ) is a lake in the district of Brabrand ( Gellerup ) , west of Aarhus city , Denmark .
The Aarhus River passes through Brabrand Lake and it is possible to canoe all the way to the inner city from here .
Since 2003 , Brabrand Lake has been steadily extended 3–4   km further west , with the new lake of Årslev Engsø ( lit .
: Årslev meadow - lake ) .
In 2001 – 2 , it was politically decided to abandon the artificial draining of the meadows and as of 2013 , Årslev meadow lake has a surface area of around .
Elliott Morris from West Ashby in Lincolnshire is a singer / songwriter and guitarist , active in the UK folk and pop music scenes .
He has completed two UK tours supporting Paul Carrack ( Squeeze , Mike and the Mechanics , Eric Clapton ) including dates at Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Sage , Gateshead and the London Palladium .
" Cool Places " is a song recorded by American pop band Sparks in collaboration with the Go - Go 's rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist Jane Wiedlin .
The song was released as the lead single from Sparks 's 1983 album In Outer Space .
The song 's success followed on from the success of their previous single and only other Hot 100 entry " I Predict " .
Sparks recorded " Lucky Me , Lucky You " with Jane Wiedlin for the same parent album .
Superman and Lois Lane are among the best known fictional couples .
Created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster , both characters ( including Superman 's alter ego , Clark Kent ) first appeared in DC Comics ' Action Comics # 1 ( June 1938 ) .
In the 1990s , Clark proposes marriage to Lois and reveals his identity as Superman to her .
The couple finally married in ( Dec. 1996 ) .
Clark and Lois ' biological child in DC Comics canon was born in Convergence : Superman # 2 ( July 2015 ) , a son named Jonathan Samuel Kent , who eventually becomes Superboy .
Florian Skilang Temengil ( born November 4 , 1986 ) is a Palauan wrestler at Newman University in Wichita , Kansas .
Skilang competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China in the freestyle wrestling .
Zürich Seebach ( ) is a railway station in the Seebach quarter of the Swiss city of Zürich .
It is located on the Furttal railway line and is served by line S6 of the Zürich S - Bahn .
Theodore Vernon Enslin ( March 25 , 1925 – November 21 , 2011 ) was an American poet associated with Cid Corman 's Origin and press .
His first book , The Work Proposed , was published by Origin in 1958 .
Enslin moved to Maine in 1960 and had lived in Washington County ever since , working at odd jobs and making and selling handmade walking sticks .
He died in Milbridge , Maine on November 21 , 2011 .
The first inauguration of Ulysses S. Grant as the 18th President of the United States took place on March 4 , 1869 .
The committee consists of thirty   members , all elected from Lok Sabha , the lower house of the Parliament of India .
The was a railway line in northern Japan linking Aomori Station in Aomori and Hakodate Station in Hokkaido .
The Tsugaru - Kaikyō Line was actually made up of portions of four separate lines : the Tsugaru Line , operated by East Japan Railway Company , and the Kaikyō , Esashi , and Hakodate Main lines , operated by Hokkaido Railway Company .
The name was created following the opening of the Kaikyō Line and Seikan Tunnel on March 13 , 1988 .
The line name is out of use since March 26 , 2016 when the Hokkaido Shinkansen opened and replaced regular passenger services connecting Aomori and Hakodate on the Tsugaru - Kaikyō Line .
The P1 Scottish Grand Prix of the Sea is an annual two day marine motorsport event held in Greenock in Scotland .
The event hosts around 30,000 spectators and is free to attend .
Spectators gather on the Greenock Esplanade to view the boat races and in 2016 the event was also made available on a number of international television networks including Sky Sports in the UK .
The event is considered the premier marine motorsport event in the UK .
The event brings roughly £ 2.3 m into the Greenock economy each year and is hosted by Inverclyde Council and Riverside Inverclyde .
The event is additionally supported by the Royal Navy 's HM Naval Base Clyde , who also help out with security and policing .
William English Walling ( 1877 – 1936 ) ( known as " English " to friends and family ) was an American labor reformer and Socialist Republican born into a wealthy family in Louisville , Kentucky .
Mosfellsbær is a town in south - west Iceland , some east of the country 's capital , Reykjavík .
The district includes the Leiruvogur cove , which forms part of Kollafjörður fjord .
Three rivers empty into the cove : Leirvogsá , Kaldakvísl and Varmá .
The cantrefi were created on the death of Glywys ( c.480 AD ) , the first king of Glywysing , when the kingdom was divided between three of his sons , Pawl , Gwynllyw and Mechwyn .
Pawl 's brother Gwynllyw was the ruler of Gwynllwg and upon his death the cantref passed to his son Cadoc ( Cadwg ) , also known as St. Cadoc .
Born in a mud house in a remote and largely illiterate village in China , he was awarded a scholarship funded as a result of the Boxer Rebellion of the late 19th century to attend Beijing 's prestigious Tsinghua University .
As part of that scholarship , he came to the U.S. in 1926 to study electrical engineering and physics at MIT .
In 1937 , Jen returned to China , and subsequently joined in the " Academic Long March " to set up a wartime refugee university ( the National Southwestern Associated University ) in Kunming .
Lago Lindo is a residential neighbourhood located in north Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Access to CFB Edmonton , located just to the north of the city , is along 97 Street .
Lago Lindo Elementary School is operated by the Edmonton Public School System , and Bishop Greschuk Catholic Elementary School is operated by the Edmonton Catholic School System .
The community is represented by the Lago Lindo Community League , established in 1983 , which maintains a community hall and outdoor rink located at 95 Street and 171 Avenue .
" Nuthin' but a ' G ' Thang " is a song by American rapper Dr. Dre featuring fellow American rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg from Dre 's debut solo album , The Chronic ( 1992 ) .
" Nuthin' but a ' G ' Thang " reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 , behind " Informer " by Snow , outperforming The Chronic 's other singles , " Fuck wit Dre Day ( And Everybody 's Celebratin ' ) " , which peaked at # 8 , and " Let Me Ride " , which peaked at # 34 .
Dragon Quest X is a massively multiplayer online role - playing game ( MMORPG ) developed and published by Square Enix .
It is the tenth mainline entry in the Dragon Quest series .
Concepts for an MMORPG within the Dragon Quest series began among a small team during the later development of Dragon Quest VIII .
Dragon Quest X was teased in 2008 , with its full reveal as an MMORPG in 2011 .
Critical reception to the game have been generally positive , with praise going to its integrating of Dragon Quest features into an MMORPG structure .
When he was still alive , " Billy the Kid " had already become a nationally known figure whose exploits , real and imaginary , were reported in the National Police Gazette and the large newspapers of the eastern United States .
After his death on July 14 , 1881 , all of New York City 's papers ran his obituary , and within days , newspapers around the United States were printing exaggerated and romanticized accounts of Billy the Kid 's short career .
Zayed National Museum ( Arabic : متحف زايد الوطني ) is a planned museum , to be located in Abu Dhabi , UAE .
It is designed as a memorial to the late Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan , the founding president of the UAE .
The museum is planned to be the centrepiece of the Saadiyat Island Cultural District and will showcase the history , culture , and economic transformation of the Emirates .
Wolgemut 's paintings show Flemish influence , and he may have traveled within Flanders ( modern Belgium and surrounding areas ) .
Born in Berne , Switzerland , Arnold Klebs , the son of renowned bacteriologist Edwin Klebs , was raised in the presence of an extensive array of scientists , artists , and historians .
Klebs took a medical degree from the University of Basel in 1896 , then moved to the United States to practice medicine .
Klebs worked with William Osler at Johns Hopkins University for a year after arriving in the U.S. , and was a contemporary of William H. Welch .
Following his work with Osler , he worked as a sanatorium director and tuberculosis specialist in Citronelle , Alabama and Chicago .
Given his long experience with the ailment , Klebs was named one of the first directors of the National Tuberculosis Institute .
In 1910 , he returned to his native Switzerland , and settled in a villa on Lake Geneva .
Sutka City TV is a television station broadcasting from Paris , France , in the Romani language .
Dzeladin , a Macedonian citizen , named the television station after Sutka , a suburb of Skopje , the capital of Macedonia .
Dzeladin performs almost all tasks himself , and broadcasts from a studio in an apartment in the 19th arrondissement of Paris .
The Macquarie Island Station is a permanent Australian subantarctic research base on Macquarie Island , commonly called Macca , situated in the Southern Ocean and located approximately halfway between mainland Australia and Antarctica , managed by the Australian Antarctic Division ( AAD ) .
The station lies at the base of Wireless Hill , between two bays on the isthmus at the northern end of the island .
The island and its surrounding waters are administered as a nature reserve by the Tasmanian Government Parks and Wildlife Service .
" January February " is a song by Scottish singer Barbara Dickson released on 25 January , 1980 by Epic Records .
Ælfhere and Ælfheah , the sons of Ealhhelm , were ealdormen and significant figures later in the 10th century .
Green Wing is an award - winning British sitcom set in the fictional East Hampton Hospital .
It was created by the same team behind the sketch show Smack the Pony - Channel 4 commissioner Caroline Leddy and producer Victoria Pile - and stars Tamsin Greig , Stephen Mangan and Julian Rhind - Tutt .
Gods and goddesses , including Hubal and the goddesses al - Lāt , Al-‘Uzzá and Manāt , were worshipped at local shrines such as the Kaaba in Mecca .
Raven formed the pop duo M2 M with Marit Larsen , though they ceased performing together in 2002 .
Raven was later signed as a solo artist by Atlantic Records with the release of her solo debut album , Here I Am in 2005 .
In 2006 , Raven was signed to the indie record label , Eleven Seven , and in 2007 re - released the songs on her debut album along with a few new songs on an album titled Set Me Free .
In 2012 , Raven began production of her second album , Songs from a Blackbird , which was released in Norway on 8 April 2013 .
After years of dating , Raven married professional snowboarder Andreas Wiig in 2013 and divorced in 2015 .
Despite this , the Prussian kings still included the title " Margrave of Brandenburg " in their royal style .
The Hohenzollerns raised Prussia to a kingdom as the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701 , and from then on Brandenburg was de facto treated as part of the kingdom even though it was legally still part of the Holy Roman Empire .
Gerard " Gerry " Brady ( born 1948 ) is an Irish former Fianna Fáil politician and Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Kildare constituency .
He was defeated again at the 1987 general election , and did not stand for Dáil Éireann again .
At the 1985 local elections he was elected to Kildare County Council as a councillor for Celbridge , and held his council seat at the 1991 local elections .
Her brothers Tom Kitt and Michael P. Kitt have both been Fianna Fáil TDs and government ministers , as was her father Michael F. Kitt .
There are two other breaks in the Cordillera where this same phenomenon occurs , one at the Chivela Pass in México and another at the Panama Canal , producing the Tehuano ( Tehuantepecer ) and the Panama jets respectively .
The Niagara Regional Council is the governing body of the Regional Municipality of Niagara in Ontario , Canada .
Council meets at Niagara Region Headquarters in Thorold , Ontario .
The council consists of a regional chair , the mayors of all twelve Niagara Regional municipalities , and eighteen additional regional councillors elected to represent the various municipalities .
Unlike municipal councils within the Niagara Region , the regional chair is elected by regional council , and not directly by residents of the region .
Any elector within the Niagara Region may be elected chair by council , although regional policy requires that the regional chair will be elected from among the 30 persons who have been elected to regional council in the just completed municipal elections .
Richard Jasek ( born 1964/1965 ) is a Czechoslovakia - born Australian television producer , writer and director .
Jasek was born and raised Prague until his family fled the communist regime and settled in Brisbane .
Jasek made a short production for SBS Television and travelled to the United Kingdom to work for The National Film School as a guest lecturer .
Halldór 's 2006 book Skáldalíf , about Icelandic writer Gunnar Gunnarsson , was chosen best biography of the year by the Icelandic Booksellers ' Association and nominated for the Icelandic Literary Prize .
" November Spawned a Monster " is a song by Morrissey .
It along with its b - side " He Knows I 'd Love to See Him " appears on the compilation album Bona Drag .
In November 2014 Alex Broun 's play November Spawned a Monster , inspired by Morrissey 's song , premiered at The Old Fitzroy , in Sydney , Australia , directed by Robert Chuter ( director ) and starring James Wright .
François Missoffe ( 13 October 1919 in Toulon , France – 28 August 2003 in Rouen ) was a French politician and diplomat .
He was Minister of Youth Affairs and Sport ( " Ministre de la Jeunesse et des Sports " ) in the Government of France between 8 January 1966 and 30 May 1968 .
He played a minor role in the run - up to events of May 1968 in France .
On 8 January 1968 , Missoffe was forced by students at the Paris West University Nanterre La Défense to abandon the inauguration of a campus swimming pool .
Pierre Richardot ( c.1575 – 1628 ) was the 61st abbot of St Willibrord 's Abbey , Echternach .
During Richardot 's tenure as abbot he made a manuscript written by his medieval predecessor Thiofrid of Echternach available for publication , as Flores epitaphii sanctorum ( Luxembourg , 1619 ) .
The Seven Mile Bridge is a bridge in the Florida Keys , in Monroe County , Florida , United States .
It connects Knight 's Key ( part of the city of Marathon , Florida ) in the Middle Keys to Little Duck Key in the Lower Keys .
Among the longest bridges in existence when it was built , it is part of the Overseas Highway in the Keys , which is part of the 2,369-mile U.S. Route 1 .
The older bridge , originally known as the Knights Key - Pigeon Key - Moser Channel - Pacet Channel Bridge , was constructed from 1909 to 1912 under the direction of Henry Flagler and Clarence S. Coe as part of the Florida East Coast Railway 's Key West Extension , also known as the Overseas Railroad .
Les Belles de Tunis is a novel by Nine Moati , first published in 1983 by Éditions du Seuil .
The author of the book , Nine Moati , is the sister of the French artist Serge Moati fils ( son ) .
Les Belles de Tunis is considered as one of the most successful books of Nine Moati .
Christine Mayr - Lumetzberger ( born 1956 in Linz , Austria ) is a teacher and former Benedictine nun who was excommunicated from the Roman Catholic Church when she and six others were ordained as priests by an Independent Catholic bishop in 2002 , she called herself a Roman Catholic priest , and she refused to recant .
Vaishampayana ( , ) was the traditional narrator of the Mahabharata , one of the two major Sanskrit epics of ancient India from Takshashila , modern - day Taxila , Pakistan , where he narrated the epic poem for the first time .
He was a pupil of Vyasa , from whom he learned the Jaya , the original 8,800 verses of the Mahabharata .
He later expanded the Jaya to 24,000 verses under the name Bharata , which he recited to King Janamejaya at his sarpa satra ( snake sacrifice ) .
David Francis Barrow ( Athens , Georgia , November 14 , 1888 – 1970 ) was an American mathematician who introduced Barrow 's inequality in 1937 .
After a brief stint in the U.S. armed services , he joined the faculty of his father 's university in 1920 .
Wulsbüttel is a village and a former municipality in the district of Cuxhaven , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Since 1 January 2014 , it is part of the municipality Hagen i m Bremischen .
Wulsbüttel belonged to the Prince - Archbishopric of Bremen , established in 1180 .
In 1648 the Prince - Archbishopric was transformed into the Duchy of Bremen , which was first ruled in personal union by the Swedish Crown - interrupted by a Danish occupation ( 1712 – 1715 ) - and from 1715 on by the Hanoverian Crown .
In 1813 the Duchy was restored to the Electorate of Hanover , which - after its upgrade to the Kingdom of Hanover in 1814 - incorporated the Duchy in a real union and the Ducal territory , including Wulsbüttel , became part of the new Stade Region , established in 1823 .
Aalborg County ( ) is a former province in Denmark , located in north - eastern Jutland around the eastern approach to the Limfjord .
Aalborg County was established in 1793 and abolished in 1970 when it merged with Hjørring County forming the new North Jutland County .
The region belonged to Himmersyssel during the Middle Ages , with the exception of Kær Herred - located north of the Limfjord - which belonged to Vendsyssel .
In 1542 , the north Jutland region was reorganised as Aalborghus Len .
This province was divided in 1662 forming Aalborghus County and Aastrup , Sejlstrup and Børglum County .
The latter province was divided again in 1793 with the bulk of its territory being reorganized as Hjørring County .
Smaller parts of the province became parts of the counties of Thisted and Aalborg .
This division lasted from 1793 to 1970 when the two counties merged , forming the new North Jutland County .
Aalborg County featured the market towns ( købstæder ) of Aalborg , Løgstør , Nibe , and Nørresundby .
The University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce ( UTCC ) ( Thai : มหาวิทยาลัยหอการค้าไทย ) is a private non - profit higher education institution in Bangkok , Thailand .
David Jack ( January 20 , 1960 in Bristol , Pennsylvania ) is an American children 's musician .
He is best known for his 11 years of daily performances at Sesame Place , during which he performed live on stage with Elmo and other Sesame Street characters .
He is a member of the Screen Actors Guild as well as Actors ' Equity Association .
Milutin Nedić (; 26 October 1882   – 1945 ) was a general and Chief of the General Staff of the Royal Yugoslav Army prior to the outbreak of World War II .
He was replaced in late 1938 , and later commanded the 2nd Army Group during the German - led Axis invasion of Yugoslavia of April 1941 during World War II .
Nedić 's command consisted of General Milan Rađenković 's 1st Army , responsible for the area between the Danube and the Tisza , and the 2nd Army of General Dragoslav Miljković , responsible for the border from Slatina to the Danube .
The Kashubs (; ; ; also spelled Kaszubians , Kassubians , Cassubians , Cashubes , and Kashubians , and formerly known as Kashubes ) are a Lechitic ethnic group in Pomerelia , north - central Poland .
The Kashubs are grouped with the Slovincians as Pomeranians .
He is best remembered as their drummer and as the middle brother of bandmates Brian and Carl Wilson .
He originally had few lead vocals on the band 's songs , but starting with their 1968 album Friends , his prominence as a singer - songwriter increased .
His original songs for the group included " Little Bird " ( 1968 ) , " Forever " ( 1970 ) , and " Slip On Through " ( 1970 ) .
His only solo album , Pacific Ocean Blue ( 1977 ) , was released to warm reviews , but moderate sales .
Erik Fosnes Hansen ( born 6 June 1965 ) is a Norwegian writer .
Hansen was born in New York and made his debut at age twenty with the novel Falketårnet .
His best - known work is his second novel , Psalm at Journey 's End , which in separate but steadily more interwoven stories follows the individual musicians who end their careers and lives on the Titanic .
A sequel to Beretninger om beskyttelse ( Tales of Protection ) has been announced but is not yet completed .
It is found from Africa ( including Madagascar ) , throughout Asia ( including Sri Lanka and India ) to Australia .
Born in Seaham , County Durham , England in 1897 , her family emigrated to Ontario , Canada in 1905 .
Queenscliff is the terminal railway station of the Queenscliff branch line that originally branched off the main Warrnambool line near South Geelong in Victoria , Australia .
" Reminiscing " is a 1978 song written by Graeham Goble , and performed by Australian rock music group Little River Band .
It remains their greatest success in the United States , peaking at # 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and # 10 on the Easy Listening chart .
May Pang , erstwhile girlfriend of Lennon , said " Oddly , with all the fantastic music he wrote , " our song " was Reminiscing by the Little River Band . "
The Temple of Jupiter Feretrius ( Latin : Aedes Iuppiter Feretrius ) was the first temple ever built in Rome ( the second was Etruscan and became known as the Temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus ) .
It was said to have been dedicated to the god Jupiter by Romulus after his defeat of Acro , king of the Ceninensi , in 752 - 751 BC .
The origin of the epithet ' Feretrius ' is unclear and may relate to one of two Latin verbs - ' ferire ' ( making it mean ' he who strikes ' , since the spolia opima was offered there ) or ' ferre ' ( making it mean ' he to whom [ the spolia opima ] are brought ' ) .
Augustus subsequently included the temple in his autobiography , the Res Gestae Divi Augusti , within the list of monuments and temples in Rome that he paid to have rebuilt .
If still in use by the 4th - century , it would have been closed during the persecution of pagans in the late Roman Empire .
Uki Workboat Oy ( Finnish : Uudenkaupungin Työvene Oy ) is a Finnish shipyard located in Uusikaupunki on the Western coast of Finland .
, Uki Workboat has delivered over 220 vessels with the largest being the Finnish pollution control vessel Louhi , which was delivered in 2011 .
Whereas the Finnish name of the company uses the full name of the city where the shipyard is located , the English - language name contains the commonly used shorter nickname Uki .
In the middle of the 5th century by the order of the Persian king Peroz I , Vache built in Utik the city initially called Perozabad , and later Partaw and Barda , and made it the capital of Albania .
The Living Planet : A Portrait of the Earth is a BBC nature documentary series written and presented by David Attenborough , first transmitted in the UK from 19 January 1984 .
" Homer to the Max " is the thirteenth episode of The Simpsons ' tenth season .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 7 , 1999 .
In the episode , Homer discovers that a new television show , Police Cops , has a hero also named Homer Simpson .
He is delighted with the positive attention he receives because of his name , but when the television character is rewritten from a hero to a bumbling idiot , he is mocked and taunted , so he changes his name to " Max Power " to rid himself of the negative attention .
Max gains new friends , and is forced into a protest to prevent a forest from being knocked down .
" Ike 's Wee Wee " is the fourth episode of the second season of the American animated television series South Park .
The 18th episode of the series overall , it first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on May 27 , 1998 .
In the episode , school counselor Mr. Mackey is fired , and turns to drugs .
Meanwhile , the boys misconstrue what circumcision entails , and try to save Kyle 's younger brother Ike from his upcoming bris .
The episode was written and directed by series co - creator Trey Parker .
Ketil Skogen ( 26 August 1884 – 21 March 1970 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party .
He was born in Bonn , studied at the University of Bonn , and spent most of his professional career in Bonn .
Śrem County ( ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Greater Poland Voivodeship , west - central Poland .
Its administrative seat and largest town is Śrem , which lies south of the regional capital Poznań .
The county also contains the towns of Książ Wielkopolski , lying east of Śrem , and Dolsk , south of Śrem .
The Eastern Thousand Buddha Caves ( ) is a series of rock cut Buddhist caves in Guazhou County , Gansu , northwest China .
Together with the Mogao Caves , Western Thousand Buddha Caves , Yulin Caves , and Five Temple Caves , the Eastern Thousand Buddha Caves is one of the five grotto sites in the vicinity of Dunhuang managed by the Dunhuang Academy .
Germany 's energiewende ( " energy transition " ) has been a significant political issue in German politics that has made coalition talks difficult for Angela Merkel 's CDU .
The country remains Europe 's largest importer of coal and produces the 2nd most amount of coal in the European Union behind Poland , about 1 % of the global total .
Germany hosted the COP23 meeting in Bonn to which the German delegation traveled in a carbon - neutral train to demonstrate commitment to carbon neutrality .
The Ashcan School , also called the Ash Can School , was an artistic movement in the United States during the early 20th century that is best known for works portraying scenes of daily life in New York , often in the city 's poorer neighborhoods .
The most famous artists working in this style included Robert Henri ( 1865 – 1929 ) , George Luks ( 1867 – 1933 ) , William Glackens ( 1870 – 1938 ) , John Sloan ( 1871 – 1951 ) , and Everett Shinn ( 1876 – 1953 ) , some of whom had met studying together under the renowned realist Thomas Anshutz at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts , and others of whom met in the newspaper offices of Philadelphia where they worked as illustrators .
An Anzac biscuit is a sweet biscuit , popular in Australia and New Zealand , made using rolled oats , flour , sugar , butter ( or margarine ) , golden syrup , baking soda , boiling water , and ( optionally ) desiccated coconut .
Anzac biscuits should not be confused with hardtack , which was nicknamed " ANZAC wafers " in Australia and New Zealand .
Fort Mississauga National Historic Site is a fort on the shore of Lake Ontario , at the mouth of the Niagara River in Niagara - on - the - Lake , Ontario , Canada .
The all – brick fort was built from 1814 – 1816 during the War of 1812 , to replace nearby Fort George .
It was built on a foundation of brick and stone salvaged from rubble left after retreating United States forces burned the nearby town of Niagara ( as Niagara - on - the - Lake was known then ) in December , 1813 .
It would help in the defence of Upper Canada the following year , as part of a regional network that included Fort George , Navy Hall , and Butler 's Barracks .
The ZEEP ( Zero Energy Experimental Pile ) reactor was a nuclear reactor built at the Chalk River Laboratories near Chalk River , Ontario , Canada ( which superseded the Montreal Laboratory for nuclear research in Canada ) .
It was developed while the Montreal Laboratory and Chalk River Laboratories research facility were under the supervision of the National Research Council of Canada ( NRC ) .
Both this plaque and ZEEP itself are now on display at the Canada Science and Technology Museum in Ottawa , Canada .
Johan Jakob Jakobsen ( 15 April 1937 – 30 June 2018 ) was a Norwegian politician , member of the Norwegian Centre Party .
On 8 June 1983 ( in the middle of a term ) , he was assigned to the Kåre Willoch 's centre - right coalition government , with Jakobsen leading the Ministry of Transport and Communications .
France was the last ship of the s , the first dreadnoughts built for the French Navy .
She spent the war in the Mediterranean , covering the Otranto Barrage in the Adriatic .
The mutiny and general lack of morale among her crew caused her to return to France later that month .
The New Chinese Empire is a book by Ross Terrill which was published by Basic Books in 2003 and won the Los Angeles Times Book Prize , Current Interest , for that year .
Terrill is also the writer of the biography , Mao which was first banned in the PRC for its " realistic " portrayal of Mao Zedong , then published by the People 's University Press to become a best seller .
EasyJet Airline Company Limited , styled as easyJet , is a British low - cost carrier airline headquartered at London Luton Airport .
easyJet plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index .
easyGroup Holdings Ltd ( the investment vehicle of the airline 's founder Stelios Haji - Ioannou and his family ) is the largest shareholder with a 34.62 % stake ( as of July 2014 ) .
It employs nearly 11,000 people , based throughout Europe but mainly in the UK .
The airline , along with associate companies easyJet Europe and easyJet Switzerland , operate more than 200 aircraft , mostly Airbus A320 .
Ji Chaozhu (; born July 30 , 1929 ) is a retired diplomat who held a number of important positions in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) , most notably as English interpreter for Chairman Mao Zedong and Premier Zhou Enlai ; later as Ambassador to the Court of St. James 's ( United Kingdom ) ; and lastly as an Undersecretary General of the United Nations , a post from which he retired in 1996 .
The Order of Friendship of Peoples ( ) was an order of the Soviet Union , and was awarded to persons ( including non - citizens ) , organizations , enterprises , military units , as well as administrative subdivisions of the USSR for accomplishments in strengthening of inter - ethnic and international friendship and cooperation , for economical , political , scientific , military , and cultural development of the Soviet Union .
It was established on December 17 , 1972 , on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the creation of the Soviet Union .
The status of Order was slightly amended by the Supreme Council of the Soviet Union in July 1980 .
In the Russian Federation it was replaced by the Order of Friendship , also designed by Alexander Zhuk .
The Buffalo Sabres are a professional ice hockey team based in Buffalo , New York .
Jukkasjärvi ( ) is a locality situated in Kiruna Municipality , Norrbotten County , Sweden with 548 inhabitants in 2010 .
Veni Domine was a Christian progressive doom metal band .
The band was founded in 1987 in Sollentuna , Sweden .
Fall Babylon Fall and Material Sanctuary are the band 's significant , acclaimed albums .
The Café Wars took place during the Algerian War , as a part of the internal fighting in France between two rival Algerian nationalist movements , the Mouvement National Algérien and the Front de Libération National ( which later became the ruling political party in independent Algeria ) .
The FLN had by then routed the MNA 's guerrilla units in Algeria , and for all practical purposes destroyed its organization in France .
Battir ( ) is a Palestinian village in the West Bank , 6.4   km west of Bethlehem , and southwest of Jerusalem .
It was inhabited during the Byzantine and Islamic periods , and in the Ottoman and British Mandate censuses its population was recorded as primarily Muslim .
Club Sport Emelec is an Ecuadorian sports club based in Guayaquil that is best known for their professional football team .
Egges Teater ( ' Egge 's Theatre ' ) was a historic theatre in Norrköping in Sweden , active between 1762 and 1798 .
It was the first theatre in Sweden outside the capital of Stockholm .
In the 18th - century , Norrköping was the third city in Sweden , and there was a need for more entertainment in the prosperous city .
The theatre was situated in the centre of the city , between the Hedvig Church and the bridge across the Motala ström , and near the restaurant , the pleasure gardens and reading parlour own by Egge .
As all theatres in Sweden at the time , with the exception of Stockholm and Gothenburg , it was used by travelling theater companies .
On 5 August 1776 , Romeo and Juliet by Shakespeare was performed on a Swedish stage for the first time by the Seuerling Company , with Margareta Seuerling as Juliet .
It was replaced by the Saltängsteatern ( ' Salt Medow Theatre ' ) , which became the new stage for visiting theater companies in Norrköping ( 1798 - 1850 ) .
" Sitting at the Wheel " is a 1983 hit single by The Moody Blues , written by John Lodge .
It was released in the US as the leadoff single from The Present in August 1983 and debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 on September 3 , 1983 .
In the UK , " Sitting at the Wheel " was released in August 1983 as the second single from The Present , following " Blue World " .
He had been incarcerated in the year 2000 for allegedly having ties with the Mexican criminal group known as the Juárez Cartel ; he was later released in 2007 for lack of evidences against him .
Albania Defiant ( ) is a travel book by the Swedish authors Gun Kessle and Jan Myrdal , originally published in 1970 and translated to English in 1976 by Paul Britten Austin .
In Swedish it was published by PAN / Nordstedt , in English by Monthly Review Press .
The book , which is deeply sympathetic to the Party of Labour of Albania ( PPSh ) , was written by Kessle and Myrdal – who were married until Kessle 's death in 2007 – about their travels in the People 's Republic of Albania .
The Maha Yazawin , fully the Maha Yazawindawgyi ( , ) and formerly romanized as the , is the first national chronicle of Burma / Myanmar .
Completed in 1724 by U Kala , a historian at the Toungoo court , it was the first chronicle to synthesize all the ancient , regional , foreign and biographic histories related to Burmese history .
The chronicle 's portrayal of the 16th century Toungoo Burma , which was also witnessed by many Europeans , has been found by scholars to be largely factual .
He was born in Budapest , Austria - Hungary , on March 29 , 1905 , and died in Evdakovo , Voronezh Oblast , Soviet Union ( then under Axis occupation ) on January 1 , 1943 .
Stephen Burpee Appleby ( 1836 – December 10 , 1903 ) was a Canadian politician and lawyer .
In 1900 , Appleby returned to politics as a member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick .
He was first elected to the House of Commons of Canada as a member of the Liberal Party in an 1873 by - election held in the riding of Carleton after the death of Charles Connell .
He received both his BA and MD degrees from the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania , taught previously at both the University of Pennsylvania and Johns Hopkins University , and was Chief of Psychiatry at both Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore and the Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston during formative periods in psychiatry for each institution .
Created in June 2006 by President of the United States George W. Bush , the Task Force on New Americans is an interagency initiative to help immigrants learn English , embrace the common core of American civic culture , and fully become American .
Established within the Department of Homeland Security , Secretary Michael Chertoff serves as Chair of the Task Force .
Membership includes representatives from 12 Cabinet - level departments and a technical working committee of eight additional federal agencies .
Citizenship and Immigration Services ( USCIS ) , serves as Chair of the Task Force ’s technical committee .
Piera is a municipality that covers a large portion of the southeastern corner of the comarca of Anoia in Catalonia , Spain , on the left bank of the Anoia river .
Another Piera relevant monument is the church of Santa Maria , with both gothic and roman elements
Notable monuments include the castle of Fontanet .
At the peak of his sporting career , Nasurion has also travelled extensively across Asia , Australia , and the United States to train for world - class swim clubs , and to further focus on his education , including his four - year stay at Chaffey College in Rancho Cucamonga , California .
Jean IV de Brosse ( 1505 in Lamballe – 1564 ) was the son of René de Brosse and Jeanne de Commines ( daughter of Philippe de Commines ) .
In 1533 , he married Anne de Pisseleu d'Heilly , the mistress of Francis I of France , and was shortly thereafter created Count , then Duke of Étampes .
Worcester County is the easternmost county of the U.S. state of Maryland .
Its county seat is Snow Hill .
Worcester County is included in the Salisbury , MD - DE Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The county includes the entire length of the state 's ocean and tidewater coast along the Intracoastal Waterway bordering Assawoman Bay , Isle of Wight Bay , Sinepuxent Bay , and Chincoteague Bay between the sand barrier islands of Fenwick Island and Assateague Island bordering the Atlantic Ocean coast .
It is home to the popular vacation resort area of Ocean City , founded 1875 , as well as wild habitats on the primitive wilderness areas on Assateague Island and in the Pocomoke River and Swamp .
Patmos ( , ) is a small Greek island in the Aegean Sea , most famous for being the location of the vision given to the disciple John in the Book of Revelation in the New Testament , and where the book was written .
One of the northernmost islands of the Dodecanese complex , it has a population of 2,998 and an area of .
The highest point is Profitis Ilias , above sea level .
The municipality of Patmos , which includes the offshore islands of Arkoi ( pop .
It is part of the Kalymnos regional unit .
Patmos ' main communities are Chora ( the capital city ) , and Skala , the only commercial port .
Other settlements are Grikou and Kampos .
Richard Jackson Jr. ( July 3 , 1764 – April 18 , 1838 ) was a U.S. Representative from Rhode Island .
Born in Providence , Rhode Island , Jackson completed preparatory studies in the schools of Providence and Pomfret , Connecticut .
He served as president of the Washington Insurance Co. , Providence , Rhode Island from 1800 to 1838 .
Jackson was elected as a Federalist to the Tenth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Nehemiah Knight .
Salammbô ( 1862 ) is a historical novel by Gustave Flaubert .
Flaubert 's contemporary readers , familiar with his previous realistic work Madame Bovary , were shocked and , in some instances , even appalled by the indiscriminate violence and sensuality prevalent all throughout the novel which is why , notwithstanding the praise it received for the style it was written in as well as the story it tells , Salammbô remains controversial among the literary circles even to this day .
Mega Man Star Force , known in Japan as , is a real - time tactical role - playing game , and the first installment in the " Mega Man Star Force " sub - franchise of Mega Man .
It was published and developed by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
A sequel , Mega Man Star Force 2 , was released on November 22 , 2007 .
A saint ’s name is the name of a saint given to individuals at their baptism or confirmation within the Catholic Church .
Under the current Code of Canon Law , Canon 855 of the Code of Canon Law states " Parents , sponsors and parish priests are to take care that a name is not given which is foreign to Christian sentiment , " which would simply prohibit a baptismal name being something in the vein of " Satan , " " Lucifer " or " Death . "
About 30,000 Congolese refugees fleeing from violence in the Kasaï - Central region of the DRC due to the Kamwina Nsapu rebellion that began in August 2016 entered Angola .
In October 2018 , about 300,000 Congolese fled Angola , many of them in response to violence in the mining town Lucapa ; DRC 's foreign minister Léonard She Okitundu summoned Angola ’s ambassador over the expulsion , demanding a “ comprehensive investigation to establish who is responsible for these wrongful acts ” .
The Kaiser class was a class of five battleships that were built in Germany prior to World War I and served in the Imperial German Navy during the war .
They were the third class of German dreadnoughts , and the first to feature turbine engines and superfiring turrets .
As was usual for German battleships of the period , the Kaiser class mounted main guns that were smaller than those of their British rivals : , compared to the guns of the British .
All five ships saw action in the North Sea during the war ; they served together as the VI Division of the III Battle Squadron .
Four were present during the Battle of Jutland ; was in dock at the time .
Of the four ships that took part in the battle , only Kaiser was damaged , being struck by two heavy - caliber shells .
The ships also took part in Operation Albion in the Baltic Sea ; during the operation they were reorganized as the IV Battle Squadron , under the command of Vice Admiral Wilhelm Souchon .
It authorizes regional organizations ( such as the African Union ) and even requires attempts to resolve disputes through such agencies ( if available ) prior to intervention by the UN Security Council .
However , Article 53 provides that " no enforcement action shall be taken under regional arrangements or by regional agencies without the authorization of the Security Council . "
Chapter VIII makes reference to enemy states , which were powers such as Japan and Germany that remained enemies of the UN signatories at the time of the promulgation of the UN Charter ( in the closing months of World War II in mid-1945 ) .
He is the proprietor of Lowercase Capital , a venture capital fund in the United States that has invested in seed and early - stage technology companies such as Twitter , Uber , Instagram , Twilio , and Kickstarter , investments that resulted in his placement as No .
Klaus Schedl ( born 4 January 1966 in Stuttgart ) is a German composer .
Klaus Schedl studied from 1991 to 1996 composition with Hans - Jürgen von Bose at the Salzburg Mozarteum and the Hochschule für Musik und Theater München .
Zhuge Shang ( died 263 ) was a military officer of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period of China .
He was the eldest son of the Shu general Zhuge Zhan and a grandson of Zhuge Liang , the first Chancellor of Shu .
In 263 , Deng Ai , a general from Shu 's rival state Cao Wei , led an army to attack Shu and showed up in Fu ( 涪 ; in present - day Mianyang , Sichuan ) after taking a shortcut from Yinping ( 陰平 ; present - day Wen County , Longnan , Gansu ) .
Zhuge Zhan led the Shu forces to Fu to resist the enemy but retreated to Mianzhu ( 緜竹 ) when he heard that the Shu vanguard had been defeated .
" My Story " is a single by American R&B ; singer R. Kelly featuring 2 Chainz , written by R. Kelly who co - produced it with Nineteen85 from OVO Sound , for his twelfth solo studio album Black Panties .
KMYU , virtual channel 12 ( VHF digital channel 9 ) , is a primary MyNetworkTV - affiliated television station licensed to St. George , Utah , United States .
The station is owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group , as part of a triopoly with Salt Lake City - based CBS affiliate KUTV ( channel 2 ) and independent station KJZZ - TV ( channel 14 ) .
The three stations share studios on South Main Street in downtown Salt Lake City ; KMYU 's transmitter is located atop Webb Hill , south of downtown St. George .
Snow Building on East St. George Boulevard in downtown St. George , which also serves as KUTV 's southern Utah news bureau .
As the broadcasting radius of KMYU 's signal from St. George does not reach Salt Lake City due to its transmitter being located in the southern portion of the state , the station is simulcast in high definition over KUTV 's second digital subchannel in order to reach that portion of the market , airing on virtual channel 2.2 from KUTV 's transmitter located at Farnsworth Peak in the Oquirrh Mountains , southwest of Salt Lake City ; similarly , because of the location of KUTV 's transmitter , KMYU relays that station 's signal in high definition on its second digital subchannel to provide over - the - air coverage of KUTV 's CBS service to St. George .
Wolf Kahler ( born 3 April 1940 ) is a German stage , film , television , and voice actor .
From 1975 – 2012 , he appeared in many English language US and UK television and film productions .
One of his most well - known roles was that of Dietrich in Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Kahler played the Prince of Tübingen in Stanley Kubrick 's 1975 film , Barry Lyndon .
In the 1982 Clint Eastwood spy thriller Firefox , he played KGB chairman Yuri Andropov .
Babik Reinhardt ( 8 June 1944 – 13 November 2001 ) was a guitarist and the younger son of gypsy jazz guitarist Django Reinhardt by Django 's second wife , Naguine .
His elder half brother Lousson , who was Django 's son by his first wife , Bella , was also a guitarist , but the two grew up in different families and rarely met .
In 2001 , he died of a heart attack at the age of 57 in Cannes , France .
They even released under official license from Konami under the title Salamander II - all the while still selling multi game cartridges full of unlicensed copies of older Konami games .
" Moneytalks " is a song written by Malcolm and Angus Young and produced by Bruce Fairbairn for the hard rock band AC / DC .
Originally released on 21 September 1990 on the album The Razors Edge , it was later released as a single in December later that year .
A live version of the song recorded on the band 's 1990 – 1991 Razors Edge World Tour appeared on AC / DC 's 1992 live album , Live .
Gurdwara Darbar Sahib Kartarpur ( Punjabi , ) is a gurdwara in Kartarpur , Narowal District , Punjab , Pakistan , 120   km from Lahore .
Deadlight is a 2012 sidescrolling cinematic platforming survival horror video game developed by Tequila Works and published by Microsoft Studios for Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows .
The sculpture is located in Salmisaari , near Alko 's then headquarters .
Aiha 's 15 metres high sculpture Rumba in black - painted aluminium was donated to the City of Helsinki by Alko , the government - owned alcohol company , in context of Alko 's 60th anniversary .
Vembannur is a village located in the Nedumangad taluk of the Thiruvananthapuram District in Kerala , India .
Vembannur comes under the Aruvikkara panchayat of the Nedumangad Taluk .
The main attraction of this small village is the Aruvikkara Dam .
NXT TakeOver : R Evolution was a professional wrestling and WWE Network event produced by WWE , under their NXT brand .
Montgomery " Scotty " Scott is a fictional character in the science fiction franchise Star Trek .
First portrayed by James Doohan in the , Scotty also appears in the , seven Star Trek movies , the episode " " , and in numerous books , comics , and video games .
Chris Doohan , son of James Doohan , has taken on the role of Scotty in the popular web series , Star Trek Continues .
Chris has also had roles in the J.J. Abrams films Star Trek and a credited appearance in Star Trek Into Darkness .
Parramatta Stadium was a sports stadium in Parramatta , New South Wales , Australia , 23 kilometres west of Sydney 's central business district .
The stadium was the home ground of several western Sydney - based sports teams , at the time of closure the most notable were the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League and the Western Sydney Wanderers of the A - League .
Cumberland Oval was the local name for the cricket , motor sports & rugby venue that had existed prior to Parramatta Stadium being built , with the area having been used for recreational activities since 1788 , the founding year of the British colony in New South Wales .
Michael Jackson performed there during his Bad World Tour on 20–21 November 1987 , and Paul McCartney concluded the Australian leg of The New World Tour with two shows there on 22–23 March 1993 .
In 2015 the NSW Government announced that the stadium would be demolished & replaced , and to that end , Parramatta Stadium was demolished in February 2017 , with the new Western Sydney Stadium being built in the same location .
The Carlstadt Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through eighth grade from the Borough of Carlstadt in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
As of the 2015 - 16 school year , the district and its one school had an enrollment of 575 students and 42.0 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 13.7:1 .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " DE " , the fifth - highest of eight groupings .
A groundbreaking ceremony for a new elementary / middle school was held on June 4 , 2005 at the site of the new school , adjacent to the Lindbergh School .
For ninth through twelfth grades , public school students attend the Henry P. Becton Regional High School in East Rutherford , which serves high school students from both Carlstadt and East Rutherford as part of the Carlstadt - East Rutherford Regional School District .
As of the 2015 - 16 school year , the high school had an enrollment of 468 students and 38.7 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student – teacher ratio of 12.1:1 .
La Reina ( Spanish : " The Queen " ) is a commune of Chile located in Santiago Province , Santiago Metropolitan Region .
It was created in 1963 from an eastern portion of the Ñuñoa commune .
La Reina is a leafy , residential commune , inhabited by mostly mid to upper - mid income families and high - income ( La Reina Alta , towards the east ) groups .
It consistently ranks in the top five communes with the best quality of life in the Metropolitan Region .
A small airport —Aerodrómo Eulogio Sánchez Errázuriz ( better known as Tobalaba)— is located on the southern part .
The military recently opened its new hospital complex along the commune 's main avenue Avenida Larraín .
Old Glory is a nickname for the flag of the United States .
The original " Old Glory " was a flag owned by the 19th - century American sea captain William Driver ( March 17 , 1803 – March 3 , 1886 ) , who flew the flag during his career at sea and later brought it to Nashville , Tennessee , where he settled .
Driver greatly prized the flag and ensured its safety from the Confederates , who attempted to seize the flag during the American Civil War .
In 1922 , both flags claimed to be the original " Old Glory " became part of the collection of the Smithsonian Institution , where they remain at the National Museum of American History .
The Medical Center of Louisiana at New Orleans ( MCLNO ) was the name of two teaching hospitals in New Orleans , Louisiana , United States .
Both hospitals were part of the LSU Health Sciences Center in New Orleans commonly referred to as the LSU Medical School in New Orleans .
The two hospitals were Charity Hospital and University Hospital which was later renamed Interim LSU Hospital ( ILH ) .
Charity Hospital was severely damaged by Hurricane Katrina and closed while Interim LSU Hospital ( ILH ) was extensively renovated and reopened November 20 , 2006 .
A new facility named University Medical Center New Orleans opened on August 1 , 2015 replacing both facilities .
Trandumskogen is a forest located in Ullensaker , Akershus county , Norway .
Per Palle Storm , artist and sculptor and professor at the National Art Academy had carried out the artistic part of the work .
After the Second World War , Norwegian citizens sentenced for treason , and leading members of the Norwegian national socialist party Nasjonal Samling were forced to open the graves and exhume the bodies of the executed prisoners .
Fossò is a town and comune in the province of Venice , Veneto , Italy .
The town of Fossò is located in a fertile plain in the territory of the Riviera del Brenta , between Padua and Venice .
In 1797 Napoleon Bonaparte arrived in Italy and with the Treaty of Campo Formio the glorious Republic of Venice ends forever .
Under the role of the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy , the municipalities of Fossò and Sandon are created in 1806 and assigned first to the current Province of Padua and then to the current Province of Venice , the year later .
The Ministry of Tourism ( Indonesian : Kementerian Pariwisata , formerly Kementerian Pariwisata dan Ekonomi Kreatif ) is the ministry in Indonesia concerned with administration of tourism .
The name changes to become Department of Tourism , Art and Culture ( ) on Soeharto 's Seventh Development Cabinet after releasing the Posts and Telecommunications responsibility to Department of Transportation .
It becomes the State Ministry of Tourism and Art ( ) and changes to become Department of Tourism and Culture ( ) on Gus Dur 's National Unity Cabinet .
It become the State Ministry of Culture and Tourism during Megawati 's presidency ( Mutual Assistance Cabinet ) and change the name again to become Ministry of Culture and Tourism during the first term of Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono 's presidency ( United Indonesia Cabinet ) .
It changed into Ministry of Tourism and Creative Economy during the second term ( Second United Indonesia Cabinet ) of Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono presidency as the cultural responsibilities was transferred into Ministry of Education and Culture .
On 2014 the ministry name changes to become the Ministry of Tourism after President Joko Widodo announce the cabinet line up .
Joko Widodo plan to spin off the Directorate General of Creative Economy into a new separate organisation which will be named Creative Economy Agency ( Indonesian : Badan Ekonomi Kreatif ) .
High Rollers is an American television game show that involved contestants trying to win prizes by rolling dice .
In 1987 , Merrill Heatter , working solo since his production partner Bob Quigley 's retirement in 1981 , teamed with Orion Television and its subsidiary Century Towers Productions to revive High Rollers with Wink Martindale , this time referred to as " the man with all the action " , as host .
High Rollers debuted on July 1 , 1974 , as part of NBC 's daytime lineup .
CCR v. Bush is a legal action by the Center for Constitutional Rights against the George W. Bush administration , challenging the National Security Agency 's ( NSA 's ) surveillance of people within the United States , including the interception of CCR emails without first securing a warrant .
On December 11 , 2015 the Center announced that the Appeals Court stands by decision to allow lawsuit against high - level Bush officials for Post-9/11 abuses .
The Second Circuit panel roundly rejected the government 's national security justification for racial profiling , writing :
The Netherlands Antilles ( , ; Papiamentu : Antia Hulandes ) was a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
The country consisted of several island territories located in the Caribbean Sea .
The country came into being in 1954 as the autonomous successor of the Dutch colony of Curaçao and Dependencies , and was dissolved in 2010 .
The former Dutch colony of Surinam , although it was relatively close by on the continent of South America , did not become part of Netherlands Antilles but became a separate autonomous country in 1954 .
Brought up in Dagenham , London , England , Humphreys migrated to Singapore in 1996 , left for Australia in 2006 and came back to Singapore in 2011 .
The DARPA Agent Markup Language ( DAML ) was the name of a US funding program at the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) started in 1999 by then - Program Manager James Hendler , and later run by Murray Burke , Mark Greaves and Michael Pagels .
The De Legibus ( On the Laws ) is a dialogue written by Marcus Tullius Cicero during the last years of the Roman Republic .
Unlike his previous work de re publica , in which Cicero felt compelled to set the action in the times of Scipio Africanus Minor , Cicero wrote this work as a fictionalized dialogue between himself , his brother Quintus and their mutual friend Titus Pomponius Atticus .
Cicero uses this as a platform for expounding on his theories of natural law of harmony among the classes .
The three remaining books ( out of an indeterminate number , although Jonathan Powell and Niall Rudd in their translation for Oxford seem to argue that it may have been six , to bring it in line with the number in de re publica ) , in order , expound on Cicero 's beliefs in Natural Law , recasts the religious laws of Rome ( in reality a rollback to the religious laws under the king Numa Pompilius ) and finally talk of his proposed reforms to the Roman Constitution .
Cicero 's proposed constitution in Book Three must be seen as a renovation of the existing order , not a call to shatter the order and build anew .
However , less than a decade after the accepted date for his beginning the manuscript , Julius Caesar crossed the Rubicon , launching the civil war that would end the Republic .
Badev was born in Prilep , Ottoman Empire , present day Republic of Macedonia .
He died at Sofia , Bulgaria .
Herman VI ( c. 1226 – 4 October 1250 ) was Margrave of Baden and titular margrave of Verona from 1243 until his death .
A descendant of the Swabian House of Zähringen , he was the son of Margrave Herman V and Irmengard , daughter of Count Palatine Henry V of the Rhine .
In 1248 , he married Gertrude of Austria , the niece of the last male member of the Babenberg dynasty , Duke Frederick II of Austria ( 1230 – 1246 ) , and on the basis of that marriage claimed the duchies of Austria and Styria , leaving the rule over Baden to his younger brother Rudolf .
The Wild Wadi Water Park is an outdoor water park in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Situated in the area of Jumeirah , next to the Burj Al Arab and the Jumeirah Beach Hotel , the water park is operated by Jumeirah International , a Dubai - based hotelier .
Bruno Kramm ( born 13 October 1967 , in Munich ) is a German musician , known for programming , playing synthesizers and keyboards , co - fronting and performing backup vocals for the electro - industrial duo Das Ich , alongside Stefan Ackermann .
Bruno Kramm was an active member of the Pirate Party Germany and has been appointed by its board as federal commissioner on copyright issues .
On the 22nd of April 2016 , Bruno Kramm was arrested by the German police for reading a poem written by comedian Jan Boehmermann ridiculing Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan .
In September 2016 Kramm stepped down as party chairman and rejoined Alliance ' 90/The Greens .
He said shortly after he never intended to join the Green Party , he is still a member of Pirate Party and it was all part of a " Hack " to win a court case .
He was born near Preston , Canada West in 1843 , the son of Alexander Allan , who came from Aberdeen , Scotland .
According to some anthropologists , the movement was a form of resistance that began in Niger , but spread to other parts of Africa .
The soundtrack to The Mambo Kings is a solid effort that effectively conveys the atmosphere inherent in the film , which was based on Oscar Hijuelos ’s Pulitzer Prize - winning novel , The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love .
Assembled here is a selection of mambos , rumbas , boleros and cha cha chas performed by stellar artists of the Latin scene including Tito Puente , Celia Cruz , Benny Moré , Johnny Pacheco and Arturo Sandoval mixed with well - known performers with roots in the form like Linda Ronstadt and Los Lobos .
The 2000 Elektra updated edition adds a remix of Tito Puente 's " Ran Kan Kan " by Olga Tañón and a rendition of " Beautiful Maria of My Soul " featuring Antonio Banderas and legendary crooner Compay Segundo of Buena Vista Social Club fame .
Yeshiva Rabbi Chaim Berlin or Yeshivas Rabbeinu Chaim Berlin , ( ) is an American Haredi Lithuanian - type boys ' and men 's yeshiva located in Brooklyn , New York .
Established in 1904 as Yeshiva Tiferes Bachurim , it is the oldest yeshiva in Kings County .
Her memoirs , recorded by her children and grandchildren , were turned into a book by philosopher and essayist Grigory Pomerants under the title Sledstvie vedet katorzhanka [ Investigation led by convict ] , published in 2004 .
Fanny Rabel ( August 27 , 1922 in Poland – November 25 , 2008 in Mexico City ) , born Fanny Rabinovich , was a Polish - born Mexican artist who is considered to be the first modern female muralist and one of the youngest associated with the Mexican muralism of the early to mid 20th century .
She and her family arrived to Mexico in 1938 from Europe and she studied art at the Escuela Nacional de Pintura , Escultura y Grabado " La Esmeralda " , where she met and became friends with Frida Kahlo .
She also worked as an assistant and apprentice to Diego Rivera and David Alfaro Siqueiros , painting a number of murals of her own during her career .
The most important of this is Ronda en el tiempo at the Museo Nacional de Antropología in Mexico City .
Falk travelled to St Petersburg , and participated in the Russian expedition ( 1768–1774 ) organised by the German scientist Peter Simon Pallas .
Wanna Be a Star is the ninth album by the Canadian rock band Chilliwack , released in September 1981 .
At this point , the band had collapsed into a trio , without a full - time drummer , but leader Bill Henderson and guitarist / keyboardist / drummer Brian MacLeod had become a powerful songwriting team during the interim .
The single release " My Girl ( Gone , Gone , Gone ) " became the group 's first hit since the 1979 collapse of their former label Mushroom Records , reaching # 1 in Canada and giving Chilliwack their U.S. Top 40 breakthrough peaking at # 22 on the Billboard Hot 100 : " My Girl ( Gone , Gone , Gone ) " also gave Chilliwack their only evident chart item outside North America reaching # 57 in Australia with a disproportionately long chart run of 28 weeks .
The success of " My Girl ( Gone , Gone , Gone ) " led to a touring version of Chilliwack re - forming .
The album 's second single : " I Believe " , released in early 1982 , was also a Top 10 Canadian hit and returned Chilliwack to the U.S. Top 40 at # 33 .
Overall the album is something of a concept album about the " rock and roll " lifestyle and the pursuit of fame .
The leadoff track " Sign Here " is a reference to Chilliwack 's new quest for mainstream success , tempered by their brush with fame on Mushroom .
This was the first album they recorded with Solid Gold Records in Canada , a new Toronto - based label .
The Battle of Ager Falernus ( or the Battle of the Falernian Territory ) was a skirmish during the Second Punic War between the armies of Rome and Carthage .
After winning the Battle of Lake Trasimene in Italy in 217 BC , the army commanded by Hannibal marched south and reached Campania .
" Desperate Souls " is the eighth episode of the first season of the American Fairy Tale / Drama television series Once Upon a Time .
In this episode , Emma Swan ( Jennifer Morrison ) runs for Sheriff against Regina 's ( Lana Parrilla ) candidate , Sidney Glass ( Esposito ) .
" Desperate Souls " first aired in the United States on ABC on January 8 , 2012 .
Inchbonnie is a rural locality in the West Coast region of New Zealand 's South Island .
" Inchbonnie " is a hybrid of Lowland Scots , bonnie meaning " pretty " and Scottish Gaelic innis meaning island , often anglicised as " Inch " , as in Inchkeith or Inchkenneth in Scotland .
It allegedly receives of rain a year .
State Highway 73 and the Midland Line railway both pass through Inchbonnie , though the TranzAlpine passenger train does not stop .
In 1958 , DeLong graduated from Balboa High School in San Francisco , California where he was a 1958 All State / San Francisco Section soccer player .
Epic And Other Hits is a compilation album released by Faith No More in 2005 .
The compilation greatly focuses on the band 's 1989 album The Real Thing , with six out of the ten tracks taken from it .
Most notably , the Mosley - era track " Arabian Disco " is included , from the We Care A Lot album , which is currently out of print on CD .
The album also contains no tracks from King for a Day ... Fool for a Lifetime or Introduce Yourself .
It is presumed that this album consists of a small selection of songs licensed by Warner Bros Records to the budget label Flashback , and as such no other songs could be included without breaching copyright .
The following is the discography of Dutch music producer and DJ Afrojack .
His song " Take Over Control " , which features Dutch singer Eva Simons , charted in 10 different countries .
In 2011 , he was featured on Pitbull 's number 1 hit single " Give Me Everything " along with Ne - Yo and Nayer .
He also contributed to the single " Run the World ( Girls ) " by Beyoncé , who initially did not include his credits on the track but was eventually forced to do so after Afrojack filed a case against her .
His debut album , Forget the World , was released on 16 May 2014 .
The Southern Maryland Blue Crabs is an American professional baseball team based in Waldorf , Maryland .
From the 2008 season to the present , the Blue Crabs have played their home games at Regency Furniture Stadium .
They represent the counties of Charles , Calvert , and St. Mary 's , which are located on the Southern Maryland peninsula between Chesapeake Bay and the Potomac River .
The Immortal Alamo is the earliest film version of the events surrounding the 1836 Battle of the Alamo .
Franklin Harper Elmore ( October 15 , 1799May 29 , 1850 ) was a United States Representative and Senator .
He was solicitor for the southern circuit from 1822 to 1836 , a colonel on the staff of the Governor from 1824 to 1826 , and was elected as a State Rights Democrat to the Twenty - fourth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of James H. Hammond .
Elmore was reelected to the Twenty - fifth Congress and served from December 10 , 1836 , to March 4 , 1839 .
Elmore was appointed as a Democrat to the U.S. Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of John C. Calhoun and served from April 11 , 1850 , until his own death in Washington , D.C. in 1850 .
Edmund Franciszek Maurycy Chojecki (; Wiski , Podlasie , 15 October 1822 – 1 December 1899 , Paris ) was a Polish journalist , playwright , novelist , poet and translator .
Originally hailing from Warsaw , from 1844 he resided in France , where he wrote under the pen name Charles Edmond .
Early on , Chojecki participated in leftist intellectual and political movements and edited Polish poet Adam Mickiewicz 's political weekly magazine La Tribune des Peuples ( The Peoples ' Tribune ) .
In time he entered elite Parisian learned and literary circles , became secretary to Emperor Napoleon III , and co - founded the Paris daily Le Temps , predecessor to Le Monde .
Chojecki wrote a notable Polish - language novel , Alkhadar ( 1854 ) , and translated into Polish ( 1847 ) Jan Potocki 's celebrated novel , The Saragossa Manuscript .
You Do Your Thing is the fourth studio album by American country music duo Montgomery Gentry .
The album produced the duo 's first Number One hit on the Billboard country music charts in " If You Ever Stop Loving Me " ; other singles included the title track , " Gone " , and " Something to Be Proud Of " ( also a Number One ) .
" If It 's the Last Thing I Do " was also recorded by Brooks & Dunn on their 2001 album , Steers & Stripes , and in 2004 by James Otto on his album Days of Our Lives .
Angel Delight is the sixth album by the British folk - rock band Fairport Convention .
This was the first Fairport Convention album without guitarist Richard Thompson , and the lineup consisted of Simon Nicol ( guitar , vocals ) ( the only original group member ) , Dave Swarbrick ( violin , vocals ) , Dave Pegg ( bass , vocals ) , and Dave Mattacks ( drums ) .
The title derives from " The Angel " in Little Hadham , Hertfordshire , a former pub which the band were living in at the time , and the eponymous track is autobiographical , referring to " John the Wood " ( co - producer ) , " Dave the Drum " ( Mattacks ) , and even details such as " peer through the haze watching Top of the Pops " .
Eric Henry Monkkonen ( August 17 , 1942 in Kansas City , Missouri – May 30 , 2005 in Culver City , California ) was an American urban and social science historian who conducted authoritative studies on the history of crime as well as urban development .
Bismarck ( ) is the capital of the U.S. state of North Dakota and the county seat of Burleigh County .
It is the second - most populous city in North Dakota after Fargo .
In 2017 , Forbes magazine ranked Bismarck as the seventh fastest - growing small city in the United States .
Bismarck was founded by European Americans in 1872 on the east bank of the Missouri River .
It has been North Dakota 's capital city since 1889 , when the state was created from the Dakota Territory and admitted to the Union .
Bismarck is across the river from Mandan , named after a historic Native American tribe of the area .
The two cities make up the core of the Bismarck - Mandan Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The North Dakota State Capitol , the tallest building in the state , is in central Bismarck .
As a hub of retail and health care , Bismarck is the economic center of south - central North Dakota and north - central South Dakota .
His father Kazuo Hatoyama was speaker of the House of Representatives of Japan during the Meiji era , and his brother Ichirō Hatoyama was an influential politician and minister in the 1930s and 40s .
Arthur Looss ( 16 March 1861 – 4 May 1923 ) was a German zoologist and parasitologist .
Looss was born in 1861 in Chemnitz , and was educated both there and in Łódź , Poland .
Looss died on May 4 , 1923 , in Gießen , Germany .
Biz Television ( commonly referred to as BizTV ) and BizTalkRadio is a national multimedia broadcast network that is owned by Centerpost Ltd.
Soknedal is a village in Midtre Gauldal municipality in Trøndelag county , Norway .
Soknedal Church is located in the village .
Alexander " Alex P " Papaconstantinou ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος " Άλεξ " Παπακωνσταντίνου ; born 29 December 1979 in Brännkyrka , Sweden ) , is a Greek - Swedish songwriter and music producer of Greek origin .
Donaldson Air Force Base is a former facility of the United States Air Force located south of Greenville , South Carolina .
It was founded in 1942 as Greenville Army Air Base ; it was deactivated in 1963 and converted into a civilian airport .
It is currently an active airfield known as Donaldson Center Airport .
Gilbert was born in Baden - Baden , Germany to a middle - class Jewish family , and part of the Mendelssohn Bartholdy clan .
USS Haas ( DE-424 ) was a John C. Butler - class destroyer escort acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II .
Haas ( DE-424 ) was named in honor of John William Haas who was awarded the Navy Cross after he was lost in action 4 June 1942 during the Battle of Midway .
Đuka Lovrić ( born 23 August 1927 in Sarajevo , Kingdom of Yugoslavia - died 20 February 1957 in Sarajevo , FPR Yugoslavia ) was a Yugoslav professional footballer .
He fell in love with the game by watching his older brother , Bosnian footballer Franjo Lovrić , play .
After the end of the war he joined newly - formed Sloboda with his brother and the two eventually joined FK Sarajevo which was formed a year later by the fusion of Sloboda and another Sarajevo - based side , Udarnik .
The Independence Party of America ( IPA ) was a political party in the United States , founded on September 23 , 2007 as a coalition of existing state parties bearing the Independence Party name .
Its National Chairman was Frank MacKay , chairman of the Independence Party of New York .
Dean Barkley , a former United States Senator and Independence Party of Minnesota activist , agreed to play an advisory role with the new party .
The Independence Party of Minnesota voted to affiliate with the new national party at its state convention on January 26 , 2008 , though it later disafilliated .
The Reform Party of Pennsylvania affiliated on October 22 , 2007 and the Independent Green Party of Virginia affiliated on January 10 , 2008 .
The various state parties each went their separate ways ; for example , in the 2016 presidential election , the Minnesota party endorsed Evan McMullin and the New York party cross - endorsed Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson .
The United States Army Security Agency ( ASA ) was the United States Army 's signals intelligence branch .
The Latin motto of the Army Security Agency was Semper Vigiles ( Vigilant Always ) , which echoes the declaration , often misattributed to Thomas Jefferson , that " " The Agency existed between 1945 and 1976 and was the successor to Army signals intelligence operations dating back to World War I. ASA was under the operational control of the Director of the National Security Agency ( DIRNSA ) , located at Fort Meade , Maryland ; but had its own tactical commander at Headquarters , ASA , Arlington Hall Station , Virginia .
In 1977 , the ASA was merged with the US Army 's Military Intelligence component to create the United States Army Intelligence and Security Command ( INSCOM ) .
Konstantin Dejanović (; 1365 - 95 ) was a Serbian magnate that ruled a large province in eastern Macedonia under Ottoman suzerainty , during the fall of the Serbian Empire .
He succeeded his older brother Jovan Dragaš , who had been an Ottoman vassal since the Battle of Maritsa ( 1371 ) which had devastated part of the Serbian nobility .
" Dear Mr. President " is a song by Pink featuring the Indigo Girls , and was recorded for Pink ’s fourth album , I 'm Not Dead .
The song is an open letter to the former President of the United States , George W. Bush .
The song criticizes several areas of Bush ’s administration and terms in office , including the Iraq War , No Child Left Behind Act , opposition to gay marriage and the gay rights movement in general , perceived lack of empathy for poor and middle - class citizens , Bush ’s strong religious beliefs , and Bush ’s drinking and drug usage in college .
It was first published in the magazine " Hora Cero " in Buenos Aires , Argentina , in 1957 .
Badulla ( badūlla distrikkaya ; Patuḷai māvaṭṭam ) is a district in Uva Province , Sri Lanka .
The district is bounded by the districts of Monaragala and Rathnapura on the East & South , by Ampara and Kandy districts on the North and by Nuwara Eliya and Matale on the West .
Women 's March on Seattle , also referred to as the Womxn 's March in Seattle or Women 's March in Seattle , was the Seattle affiliate of the worldwide 2017 Women 's March protest on January 21 , 2017 .
Newspapers including The Seattle Times said it was Seattle 's largest protest march in history .
The march route was from Seattle 's Central District through Westlake Park in Downtown Seattle to the Seattle Center .
It was expected to be the third largest protest march in the United States on January 21 , after the Women 's March on Washington ( D.C. ) and the march in Los Angeles .
" The Puerto Rican Day " is the 176th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld .
Because of controversy surrounding a scene in which Cosmo Kramer accidentally burns and then stomps on the Puerto Rican flag , NBC was forced to apologize and had it banned from airing on the network again .
As co - creator Larry David was returning to write the finale , this was the final episode for the active " after Larry David " writing staff and thus was a group effort .
Carindale is a suburb of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Notable features of the suburb include a large shopping centre - Westfield Carindale , the Pacific Golf Club , Belmont State School , Belmont Bushland Reserve , Belmont Private Hospital ( psychiatric only ) and Bulimba Creek .
The Gateway Motorway borders the suburb .
In addition to Indooroopilly in the west ; Chermside on the north - side ; and Upper Mount Gravatt on the south side , the suburb has been described as a mini - CBD .
Public transport runs frequently to and from Carindale and the City via Old Cleveland Road and Creek Road , leading to the South East Busway .
Thomas E. Corcoran ( October 12 , 1839 – March 12 , 1904 ) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions during the Siege of Vicksburg .
The colony was separated into the Province of South Carolina and the Province of North Carolina in 1712 .
South Carolina 's capital city of Charleston became a major port for traffic on the Atlantic Ocean , and South Carolina developed indigo , rice and Sea Island cotton as commodity crop exports , making it one of the most prosperous of the colonies .
The term ABC Region is an industrial region in Greater São Paulo , Brazil .
The name refers to three smaller cities south of São Paulo , capital of the Brazilian state of the same name .
Originally , these three cities were Santo André , São Bernardo do Campo , and São Caetano do Sul .
Later , the region became known as the ABCD , with the addition of the city of Diadema .
The ABC region is widely known in Brazil and abroad because of the great number of international companies , particularly car manufacturers , in its area .
In this region was formed the Workers ' Party ( PT ) whose activities and popularity launched a great figure to the best known names in Brazil : Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , or simply Lula , president of Brazil in 2002 .
In 2006 , the Universidade Federal do ABC was established .
Eickendorf is a former municipality in the district of Salzlandkreis , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Since January 2008 , it is part of the municipality Bördeland .
The village is located in the Magdeburg Börde region , known for its fertile Loess ( Chernozem ) soils .
Hassan Rahimpour Azghadi ( ) ( born 1964 or 1965 ) is an Iranian scholar and theorist and member of Iran 's Supreme Council of the Cultural Revolution .
Sir Charles Gairdner Hospital ( SCGH ) is a teaching hospital located in Nedlands , Western Australia .
In 2009 , it was the second hospital in Australia to be awarded Magnet recognition by the American Nurses Credentialing Center .
The Spanish Navy ( ) is the maritime branch of the Spanish Armed Forces and one of the oldest active naval forces in the world .
The main bases of the Spanish Navy are located in Rota , Ferrol , San Fernando and Cartagena .
The Rubettes were an English pop band put together by musician John Richardson in 1974 after the release of " Sugar Baby Love " , a recording assembled of studio session musicians in 1973 by the songwriting team of Wayne Bickerton , then the head of A&R ; at Polydor Records , and his co - songwriter , Tony Waddington , after their doo - wop and 1950s American pop - influenced songs had been rejected by a number of existing acts .
Their first release , " Sugar Baby Love " was an instant hit remaining at number one in the United Kingdom for four weeks in May 1974 , while reaching number 37 on the US chart that August , and remains their best - known record .
Lee Shying - jow or Lee Hsiang - chou ( ) is a military personnel of the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) .
He is the incumbent Minister of the Veterans Affairs Council , and was the 4th Commanding General of the Republic of China Army ( ROCA ) , 8th Deputy Minister of National Defense ( MND ) and the 15th Director - General of the National Security Bureau ( NSB ) .
He came from Alexandria , was captured by Romans in 55 BC and taken to Rome , where he was purchased by Faustus Cornelius Sulla , son of Sulla .
It is sometimes credited as the source for Pompeius Trogus 's Philippic Histories , which survive in Justin 's epitome .
Upon the death of Lothair Udo III in 1106 , the title of Margrave of the Nordmark went to his brother Rudolf I.
The title Count of Stade also went to Rudolf in all likelihood , but Friedrich was appointed to administer the county as Viscount of Stade until Lothar ’s son Henry could assume the role .
The Catholic Church in Sri Lanka ( Sinhala : Sri Lankavay Katholika Sabhava ) is part of the worldwide Catholic Church , under the spiritual leadership of the pope in Rome .
The country comes under the province of Colombo and is made up of 12 dioceses including one archdiocese .
In 1995 , at a ceremony in Colombo , Pope John Paul II beatified Father Joseph Vaz , an early missionary to the country , who is known as the Apostle of Ceylon .
Pope Francis canonized Father Joseph Vaz on Galle Face Green , in Colombo on 14 January 2015 .
Fashizmi ( ' Fascism ' ) was a daily Albanian - Italian bilingual newspaper published from Tirana , Albanian Kingdom 1939 - 1940 .
In a move to downplay concerns that the newspaper was merely a propaganda mouthpiece Fashizmi was closed down in March 1940 and replaced by Tomori ( the name of an Albanian mountain ) .
Relayer is the seventh studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes , released in November 1974 by Atlantic Records .
After keyboardist Rick Wakeman left the group in May 1974 over disagreements with the band 's direction , Yes entered rehearsals as four - piece at bassist Chris Squire 's home in Virginia Water , Surrey .
Relayer is formed of three tracks , with " The Gates of Delirium " on side one and " Sound Chaser " and " To Be Over " on side two .
A single of the closing section of " The Gates of Delirium " , titled " Soon " , was released in January 1975 .
Relayer continued to sell , and is certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for selling over 500,000 copies in the US .
Winfield Township ( also called Winfield Park ) is a township in Union County , New Jersey , in the United States .
As of the 2010 United States Census , the township 's population decreased to 1,471 , the lowest recorded in any decennial census , reflecting a decline of 43 ( -2.8 % ) from the 1,514 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn declined by 62 ( -3.9 % ) from the 1,576 counted in the 1990 Census .
Winfield Township was incorporated as a township by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on August 6 , 1941 , from portions of Clark and Linden , passing over the Governor 's veto .
, in Yamaguchi City is the main art gallery of Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan .
The museum is at Kameyama - chō 3–1 , Yamaguchi - shi .
Qebehsenuef ( " He who refreshes his brothers " ) is an ancient Egyptian deity .
He is one of the four sons of Horus in Egyptian mythology , the god of protection and of the West .
Together with Maa - atef - f , Kheri - beq - f , and Horus - Khenti - maa , the four sons of Horus ( the other three were Imset , Hapi and Duamutef ) were known as the Seven Shining Ones , protectors of the body of Osiris .
Health Consumer Powerhouse is a Swedish health policy think tank which specialises in comparing healthcare systems throughout Europe .
It produces the Euro health consumer index and other indexes comparing healthcare .
It has offices in Stockholm , Sweden .
The Euro Health Consumer Index is a comparison of European health care systems based on waiting times , results , and generosity .
Part of the motivation of the HCP in 2004 was to stimulate the European Union to take action on transparency and quality measures .
During 2013 the European Commission assessed available systems for healthcare comparison including WHO , OECD , European Observatory and so forth and concluded that this is the most reliable .
Furthermore , thousands were used in the construction of the Carabanchel Prison ( Madrid ) , in the Arco de la Victoria ( Madrid ) and in the Valley of the Fallen ( Cuelgamuros ) .
The is a strait between Honshu and Hokkaido in northern Japan connecting the Sea of Japan with the Pacific Ocean .
The Seikan Tunnel passes under it at its narrowest point 12.1 miles ( 19.5   km ) between Tappi Misaki on the Tsugaru Peninsula in Aomori Prefecture , Honshu , and Shirakami Misaki on the Matsumae Peninsula in Hokkaido .
The part of the Seikan Tunnel that passes under the strait is considered to be under Japanese sovereignty .
Thomas Blakiston , an English explorer and naturalist , noticed that animals in Hokkaido were related to northern Asian species , whereas those on Honshu to the south were related to those from southern Asia .
The Burkina Faso – Sweden Friendship Association ( , , ASSAMBUS ) is a Swedish organization , which has the goal of increasing awareness in Sweden about Burkina Faso – a small landlocked country in West Africa – and increasing exchange between the two countries .
The association has approximately 120 members , and one active local subgroup in Stockholm .
Webbs Creek Ferry is a cable ferry across the Hawkesbury River in New South Wales , Australia .
The Webbs Creek Ferry is one of two cable ferry crossings at Wisemans Ferry , the other being the eponymous Wisemans Ferry , which crosses the Hawkesbury River to a point downstream of the confluence with the Macdonald River .
Citizens of other European Union countries that permanently reside in Lithuania can vote in the Lithuanian elections to the European Parliament .
Julio Nalundasan ( July 21 , 1894 – 20 September 1935 , Batac , Ilocos Norte ) was a Filipino politician who was one of the political rivals of Ilocos Norte politician Mariano Marcos , father of Ferdinand Marcos ( who later became the tenth President of the Philippines ) .
Nalundasan was killed by a sniper at his home in 1935 , the day after beating Marcos for the second time in elections for the office of representative for the second district of Ilocos Norte .
Mariano Marcos ' son , Ferdinand , and brother - in - law , Quirino Lizardo , were later convicted for the murder .
The son of Stephen VIII Báthory and a member of the Hungarian Báthory noble family , Báthory was a ruler of Transylvania in the 1570s , defeating another challenger for that title , Gáspár Bekes .
Circus Black is the fourth full - length album by Finnish symphonic power metal band Amberian Dawn .
Stratovarius vocalist Timo Kotipelto provides lead vocals on " Cold Kiss " and keyboardist Jens Johansson ( Stratovarius , Dio , Yngwie Malmsteen ’s Rising Force ) contributed a keyboard solo on " Crimson Flower . "
So , the production is our biggest so far and the final polish on this album was given by Teropekka Virtanen ( mixing engineer ) and Mika Jussila ( mastering engineer ) at legendary Finnvox Studios in Finland . "
Thorvaldsen was born in Copenhagen into a Danish / Icelandic family of humble means , and was accepted to the Royal Danish Academy of Art when he was eleven years old .
Upon his return to Denmark in 1838 , Thorvaldsen was received as a national hero .
The Thorvaldsen Museum was erected to house his works next to Christiansborg Palace .
The U.S. Small Business Administration ( SBA ) is a United States government agency that provides support to entrepreneurs and small businesses .
In addition , the agency provides grants to support counseling partners , including approximately 900 Small Business Development Centers ( often located at colleges and universities ) , 110 Women 's Business Centers , and SCORE , a volunteer mentor corps of retired and experienced business leaders with approximately 350 chapters .
President Obama announced in January 2012 that he would elevate the SBA into the Cabinet , a position it last held during the Clinton administration , thus making the Administrator of the Small Business Administration a cabinet - level position .
John Hancock ( October 8 , 1793 ) was an American merchant , statesman , and prominent Patriot of the American Revolution .
He served as president of the Second Continental Congress and was the first and third Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
He used his influence to ensure that Massachusetts ratified the United States Constitution in 1788 .
He served more than two years in the Continental Congress in Philadelphia , and he was the first to sign the Declaration of Independence in his position as president of Congress .
Koonya is a locality on the Tasman Peninsula , Tasmania , Australia .
It was established in 1841 as one of outlying parts of the network of penal colony sites centred on Port Arthur .
Under its former name of " Cascades " , it was populated by at least 400 convicts .
After the Port Arthur penal colony was closed , and Van Diemen 's Land was renamed " Tasmania " , a number of places in Tasmania were renamed ; " Cascades " was renamed " Koonya " .
Koonya is part of the Tasman Council local government area .
A weather radar for the City of Hobart is in the Koonya locality .
Shree Teen Maharaja Sir Jung Bahadur Kunwar Ranaji , ( born as Bir Narsingh Kunwar ( ) , 18 June 1817 , Borlang , Gorkha – 25 February 1877 , Patharghat , Rautahat ; popularly known as Jung Bahadur Rana ( ) ) was a Khas Rajput ( Chhetri ) ruler of Nepal and founder of the Rana of Nepal .
His mother Ganesh Kumari was the daughter of Kaji Nain Singh Thapa , brother of PM Bhimsen Thapa of then ruling Thapa .
The Act of Reinstating Independence of Lithuania ( ) or Act of 16 February was signed by the Council of Lithuania on 16 February 1918 , proclaiming the restoration of an independent State of Lithuania , governed by democratic principles , with Vilnius as its capital .
The Council had to carefully maneuver between the Germans , whose troops were present in Lithuania , and the demands of the Lithuanian people .
In November 1918 the first Cabinet of Lithuania was formed , and the Council of Lithuania gained control over the territory of Lithuania .
On 29 March 2017 , the original document was found at the Diplomatic archive in Berlin , Germany .
Lady Mi was the second wife of the warlord Liu Bei , who lived in the late Eastern Han dynasty and Three Kingdoms period of China .
She was from Qu County ( 朐縣 ) , Donghai Commandery ( 東海郡 ) , which is present - day Lianyungang , Jiangsu .
She had two brothers : Mi Zhu and Mi Fang , who previously served the warlord Tao Qian before joining Liu Bei 's side .
The Iglesia de Santo Tomé is a church located in the historical center of the city of Toledo ( Spain ) , and was founded after the reconquest of this city by King Alfonso VI of León .
Its fame is mainly due to the fact that it contains the painting The Burial of the Count of Orgaz by El Greco , which can be seen by accessing the back of church .
Culiacán ( ) is a city in northwestern Mexico .
It is the largest city in and the capital of the state of Sinaloa .
It is also the seat of Culiacán Municipality .
The city is located in a valley at the confluence of the Tamazula and Humaya Rivers , where the two meet to form the Culiacán River , 55 m above sea level .
It is in the center of the state , at about the same distance to the two other urban centers of the state : Los Mochis to the north and Mazatlán to the south .
Rovshan Huseynov ( born 17 December 1975 in Yeghegnadzor , Armenia ) was an Azerbaijani amateur boxer .
In 1994 Huseynov won the gold medal ( 51   kg ) at the World Cup Boxing Championship , held in Bangkok , Thailand , having beaten Vichai Khadpo of Thailand ( 15 - 10 ) .
Huseynov qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics by ending up in second place at the 1st AIBA European 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Plovdiv , Bulgaria .
Rust is a survival video game developed and published by Facepunch Studios in February 2018 for Microsoft Windows , OS X , and Linux .
Rust was first released in December 2013 to Steam 's Early Access program while in its alpha state .
Nouri Kamil Mohammed Hasan al - Maliki (; born 20 June 1950 ) , also known as Jawad al - Maliki ( ) or Abu Esraa ( ) , is an Iraqi politician who was Prime Minister of Iraq from 2006 to 2014 .
His first Cabinet was approved by the National Assembly and sworn in on 20 May 2006 .
Caddo Gap is an unincorporated community in Montgomery County , Arkansas , United States .
It lies between Glenwood and Norman , on the Caddo River .
It is best known as the area in which explorer Hernando de Soto and his forces clashed with the Tula tribe , a band loosely affiliated with the Caddo Confederacy .
Of the twenty - five people who signed PNAC 's founding statement of principles , ten went on to serve in the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush , including Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , and Paul Wolfowitz .
Observers such as Irwin Stelzer and Dave Grondin have suggested that the PNAC played a key role in shaping the foreign policy of the Bush Administration , particularly in building support for the Iraq War .
The Project for the New American Century ceased to function in 2006 ; it was replaced by a new think - tank named the Foreign Policy Initiative , co - founded by Kristol and Kagan in 2009 .
Aesop Rock is an American hip hop artist currently signed to Rhymesayers Entertainment .
Aesop initially recorded and released two self - financed records , Music for Earthworms in 1997 and the Appleseed EP in 1999 .
After being signed to the Mush label , Aesop Rock released his first major album , Float in 2000 .
Shortly thereafter , Aesop Rock signed to Manhattan - based hip hop label Definitive Jux , where he has since released Labor Days in 2001 , Bazooka Tooth in 2003 , and None Shall Pass in 2007 .
Skelethon , was released by Rhymesayers Entertainment in 2012 .
Alexandru Borza ( 1887 , Alba Iulia - 3 September 1971 , Cluj ) was a Romanian botanist , Greek - Catholic priest and honorary protopop of Cluj .
In 1923 , he founded the Cluj Botanical Garden , which now bears his name .
The Retezat National Park , the first nature park of Romania , was founded in 1935 at his initiative .
Samuel " Sam " Bingham ( 184516 June 1905 ) was the Mayor of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada between 1897 and 1898 .
With the Gilmour and Edwards lumber companies , he formed the Gatineau Boom Company , which later became part of the Canadian International Paper Company .
He was an alderman on the Ottawa City Council from 1880 to 1893 .
In 1905 , he drowned in the Gatineau River near Wakefield , Quebec after he fell asleep while returning in a horse - drawn wagon from clearing a log jam on the river .
The Yorkton Film Festival ( YFF ) is an annual film festival held in late May in Yorkton , Saskatchewan .
Canada 's first film festival , the YFF bills itself as the longest running film festival in North America .
The festival is open to Canadian productions , or international productions directed by a Canadian , and focuses on films that are under 60 minutes in length .
Begun near the city of Basra in present - day southern Iraq and led by one ' Ali ibn Muhammad , the insurrection is traditionally believed to have involved some enslaved Bantu - speaking people ( Zanj ) who had originally been captured from the coast of East Africa and transported to the Middle East .
Modern scholars have characterized the conflict as being " one of the bloodiest and most destructive rebellions which the history of Western Asia records , " while at the same time praising its coverage as being among the " most fully and extensively described campaign[s ] in the whole of early Islamic historical writing . "
Sherman Island is an island in the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta at the confluence of the two rivers in Sacramento County , California , two kilometres northeast of Antioch .
The island is the meeting point of Sacramento- , Solano- , and Contra Costa - Counties , and is bordered on the north and northwest by the Sacramento River , on the northeast by Three Mile Slough , and on the east , and south west by the San Joaquin River .
Some of these are cultural , such as the U.S. use of the death penalty , some are international issues such as the Middle East peace process where the United States is often seen as pro - Israel and where Europe is often seen as pro - Arab , and many others are trade related .
Waterloo was the original name for the city of Austin , Texas , located in Travis County in the central part of the state .
After Republic of Texas Vice President Mirabeau B. Lamar visited the area during a buffalo - hunting expedition between 1837 and 1838 , he proposed that the republic 's capital , then located in Houston , be relocated to an area situated on the north bank of the Colorado River near the present - day Ann W. Richards Congress Avenue Bridge in what is now central Austin .
In 1839 , the site was officially chosen as the seventh and final location for the capital of the Republic of Texas .
Prince William Pitt Leleiohoku II ( 1854 – 1877 ) , was a poet and composer of many Hawaiian mele ( songs ) , mostly love songs .
He was the youngest of the Na Lani Ehā ( " Royal Four " ) , which included his sisters Queen Liliuokalani ( 1838 – 1917 ) and Princess Miriam Likelike ( 1851 – 1887 ) and his brother King David Kalākaua ( 1836 – 1891 ) .
The Mayor of Seattle is the head of the executive branch of the city government of Seattle , Washington .
The mayor is authorized by the city charter to enforce laws enacted by the Seattle City Council , as well as direct subordinate officers in city departments .
The city elected Bertha Knight Landes , the first female mayor of a major U.S. city , in 1926 .
Griffin Television Tower Oklahoma ( also known as KWTV Mast ) was a 480.5 meter ( 1,576   ft ) high guy - wired aerial mast for the transmission of two television stations in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , United States ( Geographical coordinates : ) built during 1954 .
The stations which transmitted from the tower were KWTV - DT and KETA .
During 1956 KOBR - TV Tower in Caprock , New Mexico , became the world 's tallest structure .
Censorship in the Polish People 's Republic was primarily performed by the Polish Main Office of Control of Press , Publications and Shows ( Główny Urząd Kontroli Prasy , Publikacji i Widowisk ) , a governmental institution created in 1946 by the pro - Soviet Provisional Government of National Unity with Stalin 's approval and backing , and renamed in 1981 as the Główny Urząd Kontroli Publikacji i Widowisk .
The bureau was liquidated after the fall of communism in Poland , in April 1990 .
A list of prohibited publications and black - listed writers was created in 1950 during the darkest years of Stalinism in Poland with some 1,682 items , and subsequently modified many times by the communist authorities in the Polish People 's Republic .
After the rise of Solidarity movement in 1980 , independent editors were allowed to begin indicating clearly the segments that had been censored instead of hiding such deletions or withdrawing their entire publications .
The decades of relentless censorship fed the underground press and publications in Poland ( called bibuła in Polish ) .
" Christmas ( Baby Please Come Home ) " is a rock song originally sung by Darlene Love and included on the 1963 seasonal compilation album , A Christmas Gift for You from Philles Records .
Instead , Love was brought into the studio to record the song , which became a big success over time and one of her signature tunes .
Love 's later song , " All Alone on Christmas " , which was used in the 1992 Christmas movie , Home Alone 2 , referenced the song .
The song as recorded by Love was released as a single in 1963 ( Philles 119 ) and in 1964 ( Philles X-125 ) .
In December 2010 , Rolling Stone magazine ranked " Christmas ( Baby Please Come Home ) " first on its list of The Greatest Rock and Roll Christmas Songs , noting that " nobody can match Love 's emotion and sheer vocal power . "
Currently he can be seen at Malaysia satellite channel Astro Arena , as a co - commentator and football pundit for football games broadcast on the channel .
" Millennium " is a song by English singer Robbie Williams from his 1998 album I 've Been Expecting You .
The song also received extensive airplay in the United States and Canada , where it was the lead single from Williams ' 1999 compilation album , The Ego Has Landed .
He was born in Lexden , in Colchester and died near Thiepval , France .
He was educated at Clifton College , along with his brothers R. P. Keigwin and Herbert Keigwin
Keigwin , whose brothers R. P. Keigwin and Herbert Keigwin also played first - class cricket , played for Essex and Scotland in his three years of first - class cricket between 1906 and 1909 .
He returned from Africa to serve with the Lancashire Fusiliers at the outbreak of hostilities in the Great War and died on the Western Front .
The Galápagos Islands are an isolated set of volcanoes , consisting of shield volcanoes and lava plateaus , located west of Ecuador .
The largest island , Isabela , consists of six coalesced shield volcanoes , each delineated by a large summit caldera .
Española , the oldest island , and Fernandina , the youngest , are also shield volcanoes , as are most of the other islands in the chain .
The Galápagos Islands are perched on a large lava plateau known as the Galápagos Platform , which creates a shallow - water depth of at the base of the islands , which stretch over a -long diameter .
The Lehigh Coal and Navigation Company ( LCAN ) ( 1988–2010 ) was a modern - day anthracite coal mining company headquartered in Pottsville , Schuylkill County , Pennsylvania , U.S. which acquired many of the ' Old Company ' ( LC&N ; ) properties and re - launched the Lehigh Coal Companies brand in 1988 .
The LCAN ran strip mining operations in the Panther Creek Valley east of Lansford along U.S. Route 209 ; with vast properties dominating the coal areas of Tamaqua , Coaldale , and Lansford .
These properties are largely the same real estate assets as were acquired in the Panther Creek Valley by the predecessors : the haphazard Lehigh Coal Mine Company ( 1792 - 1822 ) and the builders of the Lehigh Canal and first American blast furnaces , the Lehigh Coal & Navigation Company ( Old Company , LC&N ; ) , which spearheaded the U.S. Industrial revolution .
The Tayloe Family of Richmond County , including John Tayloe II , his father , John Tayloe I , and son , John Tayloe III , exemplified gentry entrepreneurship .
Inspired by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman 's vision for a Switzerland of the East , the Bangladesh government has begun to translate the ideal into a foreign policy that pursues regional economic integration in South Asia and aims to establish Bangladesh as a regional hub of transit trade in Asia .
Karlstad is a city , the seat of Karlstad Municipality , the capital of Värmland County , and the largest city in the province Värmland in Sweden .
The city had 61,492 inhabitants in 2015 with 90,882 inhabitants in the wider municipality in 2017 , and is the 21st biggest municipality in Sweden .
Karlstad is built on the river delta where Sweden 's longest river , Klarälven , runs into Sweden 's largest lake , Vänern .
It has the second largest lake port in the country after Västerås .
Karlstad is reputed to be one of the sunniest towns in Sweden and a local waitress , known as " Sola i Karlstad " ( the Sun in Karlstad ) for her sunny disposition , is also commemorated with a statue .
Yellowtail Dam is a dam across the Bighorn River in south central Montana in the United States .
The dam and its reservoir , Bighorn Lake , are owned by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation .
The project was the result of negotiations between the federal government and the Crow Nation , the tribe of Native Americans that lived on the surrounding Crow Indian Reservation , and was originally envisioned as a shared facility that would provide profits for both sides .
The Cascadia official soccer team is the official soccer team representing the Cascadia region of the United States and Canada and is controlled by the Cascadia Association Football Federation ( CAFF ) .
The team will be composed of players from the U.S states of Oregon , Washington and the Canadian province of British Columbia .
, operating worldwide under the brand Kobelco , is a major Japanese steel manufacturer headquartered in Chūō - ku , Kobe .
The Skin Mechanic is a live album released by British musician Gary Numan during his stint with IRS Records .
Throughout September and October 1988 , Numan embarked on an 18-date UK live tour to support his latest studio album , Metal Rhythm .
Andrea Dandolo ( died September 1298 ) , noble of Venice , was the commander of the Venetian fleet that confronted the Genoan fleet in the Battle of Curzola ( 8 September 1298 ) , which ended in disaster for the Venetians .
John Stanistreet ( 7 April 1913 – 30 October 1971 ) was an Australian politician .
On 9 January 1937 he married Glenice Boswell Leed ; they had one son .
During World War I he served in the Royal Australian Air Force , but was wounded in 1942 and invalided back to Australia in 1943 .
In 1955 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Liberal and Country Party member for Bendigo , but he was defeated in 1958 .
Arlington is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in the towns of Arlington and Sunderland , Bennington County , Vermont , United States .
In 1989 , the Arlington Village Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The buildings in the district provide examples of Colonial Revival , Greek Revival , and Federal styles .
The St. James Episcopal Church ( 1829 – 30 ) , the second oldest Gothic Revival church in Vermont , is located in Arlington village .
Comanche County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Its county seat is Lawton .
The county was created in 1901 as part of Oklahoma Territory .
Comanche County is included in the Lawton , OK Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Built on former reservation lands of the Comanche , Kiowa , and Apache in Indian Territory , Comanche County was open for settlement on August 16 , 1901 by lottery .
The region has three cities and seven towns as well as the Fort Sill military installation and Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge .
The landscape of the county is typical of the Great Plains with flat topography and gently rolling hills , while the areas in the north are marked by the Wichita Mountains .
Interstate 44 and three major US Highways serve the county by ground , while the Lawton - Fort Sill Regional Airport serves the county by air .
The county is served by several school districts and Cameron University in education as well as three hospitals for health care .
The New Dark Age is the third studio album by the Finnish Heavy Metal band Kiuas .
The album was released through Spinefarm Records on March 12 , 2008 for Finland with new dates to be announced for other areas .
The song , " Conqueror " , directed by Owe Lingwall was shot as a music video on February 18 , 2008 .
" Of Sacrifice , Loss and Reward " was released on February 20 as a single in Finland and topped the Finnish charts at number 1 .
A second music video for " The Decaying Doctrine " was again directed by Owe Lingwall .
Euryanthe is a German " grand , heroic , romantic " opera by Carl Maria von Weber , first performed at the Theater am Kärntnertor , Vienna on 25 October 1823 .
Like Schubert 's lesser - known Alfonso und Estrella , of the same time and place ( Vienna , 1822 ) , Euryanthe parts with the German Singspiel tradition , adopting a musical approach without the interruption of spoken dialogue characteristic of earlier German language operas such as Mozart 's Die Zauberflöte , Beethoven 's Fidelio , and Weber 's own Der Freischütz .
Wake of the Flood is the sixth studio album by rock band the Grateful Dead .
Released October 15 , 1973 , it was the first album on the band 's own Grateful Dead Records label .
Godchaux 's wife , backing vocalist Donna Jean Godchaux , also joined the group and appears on the album .
The release fared better on the pop charts than their previous studio album ( 1970 's American Beauty ) , reaching   18 .
Ormstown is a municipality in Quebec , Canada , which is situated on the Chateauguay River in the heart of the Chateauguay Valley .
It is approximately one hour southwest of Montreal and 20 minutes north of New York State in the United States .
Ormstown has two elementary schools , one high school ( Chateauguay Valley Regional ) , and two adult education facilities , several restaurants and churches .
There is a park north of the centre of town which is home to Ormstown Beach , an urban legend created and memorialized in the 1970s with " I 've been to Ormstown Beach " bumper stickers .
The FSF was incorporated in Massachusetts , US , where it is also based .
Inner Harbour is a neighbourhood located in downtown Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
The Inner Harbour district is bounded by Joseph Street to the north , Princess Street to the south , Division Street on the west and the Cataraqui River on the east .
The area is within the King 's Town District .
The District is represented on Kingston City Council by Councillor Rob Hutchison for the 2010 - 14 term of office .
The Inner Harbour area consists primarily of working - class families with commercial activity focused primarily along Princess and Queen Streets on the south side of the neighbourhood .
The term refers to areas located on the north side of Princess Street , which is the main east – west thoroughfare through Kingston , and runs the length of the city as it is Highway 2 through town .
It is also home to the newly built K - Rock Centre , a large venue entertainment and sporting arena .
The La Salle Causeway which enters the Inner Harbour neighbourhood at the foot of Ontario Street is also the main link between Kingston and its eastern suburbs .
It consists of three bridges , one of which is a lift bridge allowing boats access to the Cataraqui River , Inner Harbour and Rideau Canal system linking Kingston with Ottawa .
First Tennessee Field was a proposed Minor League Baseball stadium in Nashville , Tennessee .
The new ballpark was to be built on the banks of the Cumberland River in downtown Nashville on the former site of the Nashville Thermal Transfer Plant .
Zombie Army Trilogy is a third - person tactical shooter stealth video game developed and published by Rebellion Developments .
It is a spin - off to the Sniper Elite series , released on March 6 , 2015 for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 4 and Xbox One .
The trilogy includes a remastered version of the original and its sequel , which were both released in 2013 as standalone downloadable content for Sniper Elite V2 , and a previously unreleased third installment in the series .
The game , which can be played co - operatively or solo , features the single - player campaigns of the first two Nazi Zombie Army titles , alongside the new third chapter , combined into one Campaign mode , with a Horde mode similar to Killing Floor and the aforementioned Left 4 Dead series also being available .
The Dover School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through twelfth grade from Dover in Morris County , New Jersey , United States .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " A " , the lowest of eight groupings .
Students in grades K-12 from Victory Gardens attend the schools of the Dover School District , which has been consolidated since 2010 .
Students in grades 7 - 12 from Mine Hill Township also participate in the Dover district as part of a sending / receiving relationship .
He was commonly viewed as a usurper ( having seized the throne from his nephew Zhang Yaoling after his brother Zhang Chonghua 's death ) and initially not acknowledged as a Former Liang ruler , but his brother Zhang Tianxi later nevertheless gave him the posthumous name of Wei .
Elberon is a railway station in the Elberon section of Long Branch , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
The station is served by New Jersey Transit 's North Jersey Coast Line .
Located at the intersection of Lincoln Avenue and Truax Road , It is the first station south of the electrified section of the line .
Elberon station opened in 1876 as the fourth of four stations on the New York and Long Branch Railroad , a railroad jointly owned and operated by the Pennsylvania Railroad and the Central Railroad of New Jersey .
Elberon 's depot was added to the New Jersey and National Registers of Historic Places in 1978 .
Maurizio Gasparri ( Rome , 18 July 1956 ) is an Italian politician .
After a period as Member of the Italian Parliament for the Movimento Sociale Italiano , Gasparri served as an Alleanza Nazionale member .
Alongside Ignazio La Russa , Gasparri is considered a leader of the AN mainstream faction Destra Protagonista .
The " Trump travel ban(s ) " ( sometimes called the " Trump Muslim ban(s ) " ) is the colloquial name for executive actions taken by Donald Trump as President of the United States in 2017 .
A third action , done by a presidential proclamation , restricts entry to the U.S. by citizens of eight countries ; six of these countries are predominantly Muslim .
Executive Order 13769 ( January 27 , 2017 ) – The original travel ban .
In the days after the first executive order was issued , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer objected to the characterization of the executive order as a " travel ban " .
In early May 2017 , Spicer was asked by a reporter " If this White House is no longer calling this a ' Muslim ban' ... why does the president 's website still explicitly call for ‘ preventing Muslim immigration ? ' "
Barentsøya , sometimes anglicized as Barents Island , is an island in the Svalbard archipelago of Norway , lying between Edgeøya and Spitsbergen .
Named for the Dutch explorer Willem Barents ( who actually never sighted the island ) , it is a part of Søraust - Svalbard Nature Reserve .
To the north , in the sound between Barentsøya and Spitsbergen , lies the island of Kükenthaløya .
To the south , the sound separating Barents Island from Edgeøya is Freemansundet .
At Dørstubukta there is also a large nesting mainly used by kittiwakes .
Euphoria Mourning ( originally titled Euphoria Morning ) is the first solo studio album released by American musician Chris Cornell .
It was released on September 21 , 1999 through Interscope Records .
It is Cornell 's only album between the split of Soundgarden until he formed Audioslave with members of Rage Against the Machine .
Pnau ( ) , stylised as PNAU , are an Australian dance music trio originating from Sydney , Australia .
Several of Pnau 's recent projects have featured John 's involvement , such as Pnau 's album Soft Universe and an album featuring Pnau recreations of Elton John 's hits called Good Morning to the Night .
" The Logical Song " is a 1979 song performed by the English rock group Supertramp .
The song was released as the lead single from their sixth studio album , Breakfast in America ( 1979 ) , in March 1979 by A&M ; Records .
" The Logical Song " is Supertramp 's biggest chart hit in both the United States and their native United Kingdom .
" The Logical Song " also appeared on Supertramp co - founder Roger Hodgson 's album , Classics Live , a collection of his live performances from acoustic , band and orchestra shows recorded on his Breakfast in America World Tour .
New political thinking ( or simply " new thinking " ) was the doctrine put forth by Mikhail Gorbachev as part of his reforms of the Soviet Union .
In 1987 Gorbachev published the book Perestroika and New Political Thinking and in December 1988 he presented the doctrine of new thinking in his speech to the United Nations .
Friedlander studied at the Art Students League in New York City , the Ecole des Beaux Arts in Brussels and Paris , and the American Academy in Rome .
Friedlander was married to Rhoda Lichter and had two children .
" Lazy " is the fourth single from the album Coming Up by Suede , released on April 7 , 1997 , on Nude Records .
The video for the song was directed by Pedro Romhanyi , who previously made videos for the band 's songs , " Animal Nitrate " , " Beautiful Ones " and " Saturday Night " .
The song " Digging a Hole " on CD2 was written and performed solo by keyboard player Neil Codling on lead vocals , although is still credited as Suede .
His prestige in Egypt and throughout the Arab world soared in the wake of his nationalisation of the Suez Canal in 1956 , and Egypt 's political victory in the subsequent Tripartite Aggression , but was damaged badly by Israel 's successful invasion and occupation of Egyptian and Arab territory in the Six - Day War of 1967 .
The national economy grew significantly through agrarian reform , major modernisation projects such as the Helwan steel works and the Aswan Dam and nationalisation schemes such as that of the Suez Canal .
Daan Forest Park or Da'an Park is a public park located near the centre of the Da'an District of Taipei , Taiwan .
The park occupies twenty - six hectares and is bordered on its north , south , east and west by Xinyi Road , Heping Road , Jianguo Road and Xinsheng Road , respectively .
The park is used by residents of Taipei as a green activity space and for various outdoor activities .
Daan Forest Park was intended to play a similar role as other major city parks such as New York City 's Central Park and London 's Hyde Park , acting as the " lungs of Taipei city " and as respite for residents from the bustle of life in Taipei .
Gregg v. Georgia , Proffitt v. Florida , Jurek v. Texas , Woodson v. North Carolina , and Roberts v. Louisiana , 428 U.S. 153 ( 1976 ) , reaffirmed the United States Supreme Court 's acceptance of the use of the death penalty in the United States , upholding , in particular , the death sentence imposed on Troy Leon Gregg .
The decision essentially ended the de facto moratorium on the death penalty imposed by the Court in its 1972 decision in Furman v. Georgia .
Sunnyside is a middle - class neighborhood in the Western portion of the New York City borough of Queens .
It shares borders with Hunters Point and Long Island City to the west , Astoria to the north , Woodside to the east and Maspeth to the south .
The neighborhood is part of Queens Community District 2 , served by Queens Community Board 2 .
It contains the Sunnyside Gardens Historic District , one of the first planned communities in the United States .
It was incorporated into Long Island City in 1870 , and developed into a bedroom community after the Queensboro Bridge was completed in 1909 .
The Warped Tour was a traveling rock tour that had toured the United States ( including 3 or 4 stops in Canada ) annually each summer from 1995 to 2018 .
It was the largest traveling music festival in the United States , and was the longest - running touring music festival in North America .
Sony Interactive Entertainment ( abbreviated as SIE and formerly known as Sony Computer Entertainment ) is a multinational video game and digital entertainment company that is a wholly owned subsidiary of Japanese conglomerate Sony Corporation .
The company was founded in Tokyo , Japan , and established on November 16 , 1993 , as Sony Computer Entertainment ( SCE ) , to handle Sony 's venture into video game development with its PlayStation brand .
Since the successful launch of the original PlayStation console in 1994 , the company has been developing the PlayStation lineup of home video game consoles and accessories .
Expanding into North America and other countries , the company quickly became Sony 's main resource for research and development in video games and interactive entertainment .
In April 2016 , SCE and Sony Network Entertainment International was restructured and reorganized into Sony Interactive Entertainment , carrying over the operations and primary objectives from both companies .
SIE is also a developer and publisher of video game titles , and operates several subsidiaries in Sony 's largest markets : North America , Europe and Asia .
Moorswater is an industrial suburb of Liskeard in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
It is situated approximately half - a - mile ( 0.8   km ) west of Liskeard town centre .
Moorswater has a long industrial history and lies south of the former mining area around Kit Hill and Caradon Hill at the southeast edge of Bodmin Moor .
Moorswater was at the southern end of one of Cornwall 's early railways , the Liskeard and Caradon Railway mineral line which opened in 1844 .
The single - track Looe Valley Line branches from the main line at Liskeard railway station and descends into the valley allowing freights trains to access Moorswater Industrial Estate on the site of the former Moorswater railway station , once the centre of operations for the Liskeard and Caradon Railway .
Saawariya ( English : My Love ) is a 2007 Indian romance film produced and directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali , based on Fyodor Dostoevsky 's short story " White Nights " .
The film marks the debut of both the lead actors ; Ranbir Kapoor son of actors Rishi Kapoor and Neetu Singh , and Sonam Kapoor , daughter of actor Anil Kapoor .
Sir Louis - Amable Jetté , (; 15 January 1836 – 5 May 1920 ) was a Canadian lawyer , politician , judge , professor , and the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Quebec .
From 1898 to 1908 he was the lieutenant governor of Quebec .
Inventec Corporation (; ) is a Taiwan - based Original Design Manufacturer ( ODM ) making notebook computers , servers and mobile devices .
It partially owns a Japan - based mini notebook brand vendor , Kohjinsha ( KJS ) which was established in Yokohama .
The mbira ( pronounced UM - beer - ra , IPA ( ə)mˈbɪərə ) is an African musical instrument consisting of a wooden board ( often fitted with a resonator ) with attached staggered metal tines , played by holding the instrument in the hands and plucking the tines with the thumbs .
Both Joseph H. Howard , owner of the largest collection of drums and ancillary folk instruments in the Americas , and Nigerian drummer Babatunde Olatunji argue that the mbira is thoroughly African , being found only in areas populated by Africans or their descendants .
The mbira was reported to be used in Okpuje , Nsukka area of the south eastern part of Nigeria in the early 1900s .
It is a particularly common musical instrument of the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Shona people of Zimbabwe .
Commercially produced mbiras were exported from South Africa by ethnomusicologist Hugh Tracey from the 1950s onward , popularizing the instrument outside Africa .
Oslo Airport Station ( ) , also known as Gardermoen Station , is a railway station located in the airport terminal building of Oslo Airport , Gardermoen in Norway .
Located on the Gardermoen Line , it is served by the Airport Express Trains , express trains to Trondheim and Oslo , regional trains to Lillehammer and Skien ( via Oslo ) and commuter trains to Eidsvoll and Kongsberg ( via Oslo ) .
The station is located from Oslo Central Station .
Facts and Arguments for Darwin is an 1864 book on evolutionary biology by the German biologist Fritz Müller , originally published in German under the title ( " For Darwin " ) , and translated into English by William Sweetland Dallas in 1867 .
Müller argued that Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution by natural selection that he had advanced in his book The Origin of Species only five years earlier was correct , citing evidence that he had come across in Brazil .
“ It is not the purpose of the following pages to discuss once more the arguments deduced for and against Darwin 's theory of the origin of species , or to weigh them one against the other .
Their object is simply to indicate a few facts favourable to this theory , collected upon the same South American ground , on which , as Darwin tells us , the idea first occurred to him of devoting his attention to ‘ the origin of species , — that mystery of mysteries’ .
" Stealing Cinderella " is a debut song recorded by American country music artist Chuck Wicks .
It was released in September 2007 as the first single from the album Starting Now .
On August 25 , 2007 , Wicks performed the song at his Grand Ole Opry debut .
In October 2007 , Wicks was invited by University of Tennessee football coach Phillip Fulmer to perform " Stealing Cinderella " at the wedding of Fulmer 's daughter Courtney .
She is the Minister for Housing and Equality in the Government of Gibraltar .
She attended school in Gibraltar before studying Law at the University of Wales in Cardiff , where she obtained LLB and LLM degrees .
Sacramento was elected as a member of the Gibraltar Parliament for the Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party in the December 2011 general election .
Datawind , founded in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , is a developer and manufacturer of low - cost tablet computers and smartphones .
The Aakash tablet was developed for India 's Ministry for Human Resource Development ( MHRD ) .
Khoon Ka Khoon ( Blood for Blood ) also called Hamlet is the first Hindi / Urdu 1935 sound film adaptation of a Shakespeare play .
Credited as " the man who brought Shakespeare to the Indian screen " , it was Modi 's debut feature film as a director .
The story and script were by Mehdi Hassan Ahsan from his Urdu adaptation of Shakespeare 's " Hamlet " .
Starring Sohrab Modi , Khoon Ka Khoon was also the debut in films of Naseem Banu who played Ophelia .
Khoon Ka Khoon was a " filmed version of a stage performance of the play " with Sohrab Modi as Hamlet and Naseem Banu as Ophelia .
The Zoo Interchange is a freeway Interchange on the west side of Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
It forms the junction of I-94 , I-894 , I-41 , US 41 and US   45 .
Originally completed in 1963 , the interchange was a major component in the freeway system being developed in Milwaukee and southeastern Wisconsin and formed an important link with the Interstate system .
It marked the first time that Wisconsin used drilled shaft foundations to build bridge supports and the first time that 3D computer modelling was used .
In 2014 the interchange became the first place in the United States where orange pavement markings were tested .
Paweł Szymański ( born 28 March 1954 in Warsaw , Poland ) is a Polish composer .
He was born in Sittwe , Kyauktaw , British Burma in 1893 .
Aung Zan Wai , along with Pe Khin , Bo Hmu Aung , Sir Maung Gyi , Sein Mya Maung , Myoma U Than Kywe were most important negotiators and leaders of the historical Panglong Conference negotiated with Burma national top leader Aung San and other top leaders in 1947 .
Give ' Em the Boot is a series of compilation albums released by Hellcat Records .
It is similar to the Punk - O - Rama and Unsound series released by Hellcat 's parent label , Epitaph Records .
The title of the series comes from a lyric in the song " Roots Radicals " which appears on the album ... And Out Come the Wolves by Rancid .
The head of Hellcat Records is Tim Armstrong , who is lead singer and guitarist for Rancid .
The Union Club Mysteries is a collection of mystery short stories by American author Isaac Asimov featuring his fictional mystery solver Griswold .
It was first published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1983 and in paperback by the Fawcett Crest imprint of Ballantine Books in 1985 .
The book collects thirty stories by Asimov , most reprinted from magazines and a few previously unpublished , together with a foreword and afterword by the author .
Each story is set at a club known as the Union Club , in which a conversation between three members prompts a fourth member , Griswold , to tell about a mystery he has solved .
According to reviewer John H. Jenkins , these stories are not rated particularly well by Asimov fans , and are less well regarded than his better known Black Widowers mysteries .
He does regard a few of them more highly , particularly " No Refuge Could Save " and " Hide and Seek , " but feels the brevity and format of the stories allows the author little scope .
Asimov wrote a total of 55 Union Club stories .
As well as the 30 in this book , three more were collected in The Best Mysteries of Isaac Asimov ( Doubleday , 1986 ) .
One of these 22 , " Getting Even , " is also part of Asimov 's Azazel series of fantasy stories .
The Big Story is an American news / talk television program that premiered in 2000 on the Fox News Channel , hosted by John Gibson and Heather Nauert weekdays .
The series was put on hiatus in March 2008 , replaced with America 's Election Headquarters , an hour of news related to the 2008 United States presidential election .
Subsequently , Fox News lured Glenn Beck from Headline News in the interim between The Big Story being put on hiatus and the election , which resulted in The Big Story being cancelled ; the Big Story timeslot was taken by his Beck 's self - titled program on January 19 , 2009 .
The Slovak Radio Symphony Orchestra ( ) , previously known as Czecho - Slovak Radio Symphony Orchestra and CSR Symphony Orchestra , is a symphony orchestra based in Bratislava , Slovakia .
Tropicana Field , also commonly known as The Trop , is a domed stadium in St. Petersburg , Florida , United States , that has been the home of the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) since the team 's inaugural season in 1998 .
The stadium is also used for college football , and from December 2008 to December 2017 was the home of the St. Petersburg Bowl , an annual postseason bowl game .
In 1993 , the Tampa Bay Lightning moved to the facility and its name was changed to the ThunderDome until the team moved to their new home in downtown Tampa in 1996 .
In October 1996 , Tropicana Products , a fruit juice company then based in nearby Bradenton , Florida , signed a 30-year naming rights deal .
The Holy Spirit has been represented in Christian art both in the Eastern and Western Churches using a variety of depictions .
The depictions have ranged from nearly identical figures that represent the three persons of the Holy Trinity from a dove to a flame .
In many paintings of the Annunciation , the Holy Spirit is shown in the form of a dove , coming down towards Mary on beams of light , as the Archangel Gabriel announces Christ 's coming to Mary .
Crimson Skies is an arcade flight video game developed by Zipper Interactive and published in 2000 by Microsoft Game Studios .
The game is set in an alternate history of the 1930s in which the United States has fragmented into a number of smaller sovereignties , and in which air travel has become the primary mode of transportation in North America .
Kate Fleetwood ( born 24 September 1972 ) is an English actress .
She was nominated for a Tony Award for her performance as Lady Macbeth in Chichester Festival Theatre 's Macbeth , which transferred to the West End and Broadway .
She is patron of En Masse Theatre , and joint patron of Escape Insight Arts , Stratford - upon - Avon with her husband Rupert .
She is married to Rupert Goold with whom she has one son and one daughter .
Wilshire Grand Center is a skyscraper in the Financial District of Downtown Los Angeles , California .
It is the tallest building in Los Angeles , the tallest building in California , the tallest building west of the Mississippi River and outside of New York City , Chicago , and Philadelphia , and the 11th tallest building in the United States .
John Isaac Friedman , known as J. Isaac Friedman ( October 1871 – December 11 , 1949 ) , was a Democrat from a prominent landholding Jewish family in Natchez in south Natchitoches Parish , Louisiana , who served in the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1908 to 1916 and in the Louisiana State Senate for an abbreviated term from 1922 to 1924 following the resignation of Charles Milton Cunningham , the editor of The Natchitoches Times .
He was an older brother of state Representative Leon Friedman , who served in the House alongside W. Peyton Cunningham of Natchitoches , the son of Charles Milton Cunningham , from 1932 to 1940 .
Leon and Isaac Friedman were uncles of the later state Representative and Senator Sylvan Friedman , also of Natchez , Louisiana .
Sons of Samuel Friedman ( 1848 - 1888 ) and Caroline S. Friedman ( 1847 - 1906 ) , Isaac and Leon Friedman are interred along with other family members at the Jewish Cemetery in Natchitoches .
Right now he is currently playing professional cricket for a team in the United States of America in New Jersey .
" Eve of Destruction " is a protest song written by P. F. Sloan in mid-1964 .
Several artists have recorded it , but the best - known recording was by Barry McGuire .
This recording was made between July 12 and July 15 , 1965 , and released by Dunhill Records .
The accompanying musicians were top - tier Los Angeles session players : P. F. Sloan on guitar , Hal Blaine ( of Phil Spector 's Wrecking Crew ) on drums , and Larry Knechtel on bass guitar .
McGuire 's single hit # 1 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and # 3 on the UK Singles Chart in September 1965 .
Pitch Black ( titled The Chronicles of Riddick : Pitch Black on its DVD re - release ) is a 2000 American science fiction action horror film co - written and directed by David Twohy .
Dangerous criminal Richard B. Riddick ( Diesel ) is being transported to prison in a spacecraft .
A sequel , The Chronicles of Riddick , was released in 2004 by Universal , with Diesel back as the title character and Twohy returning as writer and director .
A third film , simply titled Riddick , was released in 2013 , with Diesel and Twohy reuniting again .
Waterloo is a village in Seneca County , New York , United States .
It is the primary county seat of Seneca County , with the other being Ovid as part of a two - shire system established in 1822 .
The Village of Waterloo is mostly in the Town of Waterloo , but the part south of the Cayuga - Seneca Canal of the village is in the Town of Fayette and a small area in the southeast of the village is in Town of Seneca Falls .
Waterloo is east of Geneva and is located in between the two main Finger Lakes , Seneca Lake and Cayuga Lake .
After surviving for tens of millions of years , all of the pampatheriids and giant glyptodonts apparently died out during the Quaternary extinction event at the beginning of the Holocene , along with much of the rest of the regional megafauna , shortly after the colonization of the Americas by Paleo - Indians .
Malawi Washington Association ( MWA ) was established in 1994 and is the first association in the United States that was organized to promote and retain Malawi and Malawian culture amongst Malawi 's diaspora in the United States and Canada .
As the first organization for Malawians living in the diaspora in the United States , and one of the first organizations for the Malawian diaspora in the world , it has served as a blueprint for other Malawian organizations in the Malawian diaspora to organize in Indiana , Texas , New England and in England . It has also consulted with other Malawian organizations in starting up in the Malawian Diaspora .
It serves to create Malawian identity amongst Malawian - Americans and Malawians in the DC area .
Popstars Live was an Australian talent quest television program similar to Australian Idol that aired on the Seven Network in early 2004 .
It was an evolution of the original Popstars series which aired between 2000 and 2002 on Seven .
Popstars Live premiered on the Seven Network in February 2004 .
Leda and the Swan is a story and subject in art from Greek mythology in which the god Zeus , in the form of a swan , rapes Leda .
According to later Greek mythology , Leda bore Helen and Polydeuces , children of Zeus , while at the same time bearing Castor and Clytemnestra , children of her husband Tyndareus , the King of Sparta .
In the W. B. Yeats version , it is subtly suggested that Clytemnestra , although being the daughter of Tyndareus , has somehow been traumatized by what the swan has done to her mother ( see below ) .
According to many versions of the story , Zeus took the form of a swan and seduced Leda on the same night she slept with her husband King Tyndareus .
The subject was rarely seen in the large - scale sculpture of antiquity , although a representation of Leda in sculpture has been attributed in modern times to Timotheus ( compare illustration , below left ) ; small - scale sculptures survive showing both reclining and standing poses , in cameos and engraved gems , rings , and terracotta oil lamps .
The Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby ( VGLRL ) is the peak lobby group in Victoria , Australia for the attainment of equality , human rights and social justice for the entire Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual , Transgender and Intersex ( GLBTI ) community .
VGLRL was created in October 1997 , following presentation of a report to a public meeting which proposed a model for a Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby .
VGLRL also initiated the national Equal Love campaign , in an effort to win marriage rights for Australian gay and lesbian couples .
Nord - Herøy ( ) is an island in the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county , Norway .
With an area of , it is the largest island in the municipality .
To the southwest lies Herøysundet ( Herøy Strait ) , which is crossed by the Herøysund Bridge and Norwegian County Road 828 to Sør - Herøy .
To the southeast lies Alsten Fjord ( Alstenfjorden ) and Alsten in the municipality of Alstahaug .
To the east - northeast lies the island of Hjartøya , and to the north Dønnessundet ( Dønna Strait ) and the island of Dønna .
To the northwest is the island of Hestøya , with bridge connections to Indre Øksningan , Ytre Øksningan , Staulen , and Seløy , and to the Åkviksundet Bridge to Dønna .
The municipal seat , Silvalen , is located on the island along Herøysundet .
Abdullah Abdulqadirakhun is an Uyghur refugee , who was held for more than seven years in Guantanamo Bay detention camps , in Cuba .
The Department of Defense reports that Abdulqadirakhum was born on June 18 , 1979 , in Xinjiang China and assigned him the Internment Serial Number 285 .
Abdulqadirakhun was one of the 22 Uighurs held in Guantanamo .
He was sent to Bermuda in June 2009 together with three other Uyghurs , Abdul Helil Mamut , Huzaifa Parhat and Emam Abdulahat , on June 11 , 2009 .
Bankikodla - Hanehalli ( Kannada ) ( Yashwant Chittal 's ಹನೇಹಳಎಂಬ ಜಗತ್ತು ) are twin neighbouring villages in a valley in Uttara Kannada district in the south western section of the Indian state of Karnataka .
Just to the north of the village , the Gangavali River joins the Arabian Sea .
The town of Gokarna is just to the south of the village .
The surrounding Sahyadri Mountains hug the Arabian sea with open fields providing recreational opportunities for the locals .
During British rule in India , the Chitrapur Saraswat Brahmins built Anandashram High School ( 1884 ) for their children , but a majority of them eventually moved out to Mumbai .
Heinrich Rudolf Hildebrand ( 13 March 1824 – 28 October 1894 ) was a Germanist , contributor to , and then , editor of the Grimm brothers ' Deutsches Wörterbuch .
He attended the Thomasschule in Leipzig from 1836 to 1843 .
The Seventh Five - Year Plans for National Economy of Pakistan , otherwise known as Seventh Plan , were a set of a highly centralized and planned economic development targets designed for the improvement of the standard of living , and overall strengthening of gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth in Pakistan , between the period of 1988 until its termination in 1993 .
The seventh plan was drafted and presented by the Ministry of Finance ( MoF ) , led by then popularly elected Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , at the Parliament in 1988 .
Comal County ( ) is a county located on the Edwards Plateau in the U.S. state of Texas .
Its county seat is New Braunfels .
Comal County is part of the San Antonio - New Braunfels , TX Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Along with Hays and Kendall counties , Comal was listed in 2017 of the nation 's ten fastest - growing large counties with a population of at least ten thousand .
Bexar County , which includes San Antonio , grew by 1.75 percent during the year , but its sheer number of new residents exceeded 33,000 .
Ilaria Alpi ( May 24 , 1961 in Rome – March 20 , 1994 in Mogadishu ) was an Italian journalist killed in Mogadishu , Somalia together with her camera operator Miran Hrovatin .
In 2009 Francesco Fonti , a former ' Ndrangheta member , claimed that Ilaria Alpi and her cameraman were murdered because they had seen toxic waste shipped by the ' Ndrangheta arrive in Bosaso , Somalia .
Alpi was born in Rome and worked for Italian public television broadcaster RAI .
Emma Trott ( born 24 December 1989 ) is a retired English racing cyclist from Cheshunt , currently based in Christchurch , New Zealand .
She is the older sister of fellow cyclist and Olympic Gold medalist Laura Trott , and the long term partner of New Zealand road racing cyclist Linda Villumsen .
" Beware " is a song by American hip hop recording artist Big Sean taken from his second studio album Hall of Fame ( 2013 ) .
" Beware " was released on June 25 , 2013 , as the album 's third single , through GOOD and Def Jam .
The song was written by Sean Anderson , Dwayne Carter , Dwane Weir II , and Alexander Izquierdo , while production was handled by frequent collaborator Key Wane and Mike Dean and features guest appearances from rapper Lil Wayne and singer Jhené Aiko .
To further promote the song Sean performed at live on various inclusion including Jimmy Kimmel Live and the Hustle After Party .
It is a non - religious , non - profit , non - political organization , led by Darrell Scott and his wife Sandy .
is a song by German recording artist Sarah Connor .
Written and produced by frequent collaborative duo Rob Tyger and Kay Denar , it features American R&B ; singer TQ .
Conceived for Connor 's debut album , Green Eyed Soul ( 2001 ) , the midtempo contemporary R&B ; track is built around a mandoline sample and scratching hip hop beats , over which Connor , as the female protagonist , adopts sensual vocals and expresses her desire to make love with her man , inviting him to her bed .
The song was released as the album 's lead single in German - speaking Europe on 7 May 2001 .
Jean - Louis Prévost ( May 12 , 1838 - September 12 , 1927 ) was a Swiss neurologist and physiologist who was a native of Geneva .
In 1876 he became a professor of therapy at the University of Geneva , and in 1897 succeeded Moritz Schiff ( 1823 – 1896 ) as professor of physiology , a position he held until 1913 .
Rinôçérôse ( stylized as rinôçérôse or « rinôçérôse » ) is a French band founded by Jean - Philippe Freu and Patrice Carrié that mixes rock music and electronic dance music .
The song " Cubicle " , from their album , Schizophonia , was featured on a television advertisement for Apple 's iTunes and iPod .
Rinôçérôse contains hit singles such as " Bitch " , " Cubicle " , " Music Kills Me " , and " My Demons " .
Rinôçérôse released their most recent album Futurinô in 2009 .
Back for Good is the seventh album of Modern Talking released on 30 March 1998 after the unexpected reunion of the duo .
Acamarachi ( also known as Pili ) is a high volcano in northern Chile .
In this part of Chile , it is the highest volcano .
It is a volcano in the Central Volcanic Zone of the Andes , a zone of strong volcanic activity during the last million years .
While there is no indication of historical activity and the flank lava flows are old , some lava flows around the summit crater and a lava coulee north of Acamarachi on the saddle between Acamarachi and Colachi volcano may be postglacial in age .
The Jeli District ( Jawi : جلي , Chinese : 日里 ) is a district and a parliamentary constituency in western Kelantan , Malaysia .
Jeli is administered by the Jeli District Council .
Jeli is bordered by the state of Perak to the west , Thailand to the north , Tanah Merah district to the north east and Kuala Krai district to the south east .
The history of Jeli began when the government encouraged the people around Kelantan to start a great area of agriculture .
Memorial Management District is a commercial district in the Memorial area of Houston , Texas , United States .
Located along Interstate 10 ( Katy Freeway ) between Beltway 8 and Bunker Hill Road , the district is anchored by Memorial City Mall , the nation 's 38th - largest shopping mall ; Memorial Hermann Memorial City Medical Center ; CityCentre , a high - density mixed - use development ; and Town & Country Village , a shopping center .
The Texas Legislature created the Memorial Management District , a special governmental district which provides branding and infrastructure funding , in 1999 .
The Battle of Cologne was fought near the city of Köln ( English : Cologne ) ( now part of Germany ) in the year 716 .
In 716 , the king of the Franks , Chilperic II , and Ragenfrid , the mayor of the palace of Neustria , invaded Austrasia to impose their will on the competing factions there : those of Theudoald and Plectrude , grandson ( and designated heir ) and widow respectively of Martel 's father Pepin of Heristal , and those of Martel himself , newly escaped from Plectrude 's Cologne prison and acclaimed mayor of the palace of Austrasia .
The Neustrians compelled Plectrude to acknowledge as king Chilperic , the son of Childeric II , having taken this Merovingian from the seclusion of the cloister , where he lived the name of Daniel .
He was born in Mostaganem in eastern Algeria in 1947 .
He studied sociology in France and continued his studies in Algeria at Constantine University .
Although his work draws heavily on various aspects of Algerian culture and tradition , Tengour writes mainly in French .
His principal translator in English is Pierre Joris , professor at the University of Albany .
Boating on the River Epte ( also known as The Canoe on the Epte ) is an 1890 oil painting by French impressionist artist Claude Monet .
The sisters Suzanne and Blanche Hoschedé posed for this series of pictures , their late father being banker Ernest Hoschedé , a patron of the arts and collector of Monet , and their mother , Alice , who became Monet ’s second wife .
In fact one of the more singular characteristics of The Canoe on the Epte in the Monet context is the proximity of the water , which assumes at the lower part of the composition an almost tactile reality , as if the painter for once did not want to depict the luminous reflections of its surface , but its depth .
He was born in Guilin , Guangxi , China at the cusp of both the Second Sino - Japanese War and subsequent Chinese Civil War .
Pai 's father was the famous Kuomintang ( KMT ) general Bai Chongxi ( Pai Chung - hsi ) , whom he later described as a " stern , Confucian father " with " some soft spots in his heart . "
He lived with his family in Chongqing , Shanghai , and Nanjing before moving to the British - controlled Hong Kong in 1948 as CPC forces turned the tide of the Chinese Civil War .
In 1952 , Pai and his family resettled in Taiwan , where the KMT had relocated the Republic of China after defeat by the Communists in 1949 .
Henry Dalziel , VC ( 18 February 1893 – 24 July 1965 ) was an Australian recipient of the Victoria Cross ( VC ) , the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
He was awarded the VC while serving with the Australian Imperial Force during the First World War .
Dalziel 's VC was the 1,000th awarded .
Elaine Marley – Threepwood is a fictional character in the Monkey Island series of graphic adventure video games .
Created by Ron Gilbert for LucasArts , the character first appears in The Secret of Monkey Island and is one of the core characters in the franchise .
While the first two games in the series did not feature voice acting , Elaine was voiced by Alexandra Boyd in The Curse of Monkey Island and by Charity James in Escape from Monkey Island ; Boyd would reprise the role for later entries in the franchise .
She is loved by the undead pirate LeChuck , who never ceases to pursue her affections and attempts to turn her into his undead bride , but Elaine instead falls in love with hapless protagonist Guybrush Threepwood .
Elaine is consistently kidnapped by LeChuck , prompting Guybrush to attempt a rescue , although Elaine is usually more than capable of escaping predicaments by herself .
She eventually marries Guybrush and relinquishes her gubernatorial responsibilities to her grandfather , travelling with Guybrush to the fictional Gulf of Melange to cure the outbreak of a voodoo - empowered pox .
Yes for Europe is the Brussels - based European Confederation of Young Entrepreneurs founded in 1988 to represent young entrepreneurs in Europe .
Young entrepreneurs from Austria , France , Germany , Greece , Italy , Portugal as well as from Japan and met in Capri , Italy , during the National Convention of Confindustria Giovani Imprenditori to sign the “ International Young Entrepreneurs Charter ” , the so - called “ Capri Charter ” which established the fundamental principles for the future cooperation .
Yes for Europe represents the European Union to a number of international young entrepreneurs organizations including the G20 Young Entrepreneurs Alliance and the Allied for Startups advocacy group .
Fabrizio D'Aloia ( Benevento , February 17 , 1964 ) is an Italian engineer , founder of Microgame .
In 1999 , wins Premio Marrama as one of the best young entrepreneurs in Campania .
Anatoly Fedorovich Koni ( Russian : Анато́лий Фёдорович Ко́ни , 1844 – 1927 ) was a Russian jurist , judge , politician and writer .
He was the most politically influential jurist of the late Russian Empire and a leading Russian liberal .
Anatoly Koni was the son of the noted dramatist Fyodor Koni .
Among the public offices Koni held was prosecutor at the district court of Kharkiv since 1867 , vice director of the Ministry of Justice since 1875 , presiding judge of the district court of Saint Petersburg since 1878 , and member of the State Council since 1907 .
He taught at the Imperial School of Law and at the University of Saint Petersburg .
While he supported the liberals ' call for a constitutional order in Russia , he declined an appointment as Minister of Justice in the government of Pyotr Stolypin in 1906 .
" Mr. Hankey , the Christmas Poo " is the ninth episode of the first season of the American animated television series South Park .
It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on December 17 , 1997 .
In the episode , the Jewish character Kyle feels excluded from the town 's celebrations during Christmas , and is comforted by Mr. Hankey , a talking and singing lump of feces wearing a red hat .
Mr. Hankey does not come alive in the presence of other characters , so they think that Kyle is delusional .
The episode was written and directed by the series ' co - creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone .
Heavily influenced by the Peanuts Christmas special A Charlie Brown Christmas from 1965 , " Mr. Hankey , the Christmas Poo " was the first Christmas - themed South Park episode , the first musical episode , and the only episode in season one ( and therefore the first time in the series ) in which Kenny does not die .
The episode received generally positive reviews and has been described as one of the classic South Park episodes .
It was viewed in about 4.5 million households during its original broadcast , the highest Nielsen rating to that date for South Park and the fourth - highest overall for a basic cable entertainment program of 1997 .
In addition to Mr. Hankey himself , the episode introduced the popular South Park songs " A Lonely Jew on Christmas " and " Kyle 's Mom is a Big Fat Bitch " .
John Kricfalusi , the creator of The Ren & Stimpy Show , accused Parker and Stone of stealing the idea for Mr. Hankey from him , which the duo vehemently denied .
Subin Bhattarai ( born 5 November 1982 ) is a Nepali author and Columnist .
Bhattarai 's novel Summer Love was the trendsetter and popular among youths .
Summer Love was Bhattarai 's second book and first novel .
A year later a sequel titled Saaya was released in September 2014 . which concerns how the misunderstanding in Summer Love cleared and how they convince their family .
John Galt ( ) is a character in Ayn Rand 's novel Atlas Shrugged ( 1957 ) .
Islam is the largest religion in Sudan , and Muslims have dominated national government institutions since independence in 1956 .
Muslims predominate in all but Nuba Mountains region .
The vast majority of Muslims in Sudan adhere to Sunni Islam of Maliki school of jurisprudence , deeply influenced with Sufism , making Sudan one of the most tolerant Muslim majority countries in the world .
There are also some Shia communities in Khartoum , the capital .
Only the Darfur region is traditionally lacking the presence of Sufi brotherhoods found in the rest of the country .
Klahhane Ridge is located just to the south of Port Angeles , Washington , USA near Hurricane Ridge in the Olympic National Park .
The ridge is accessible by a variety of hiking trails and offers views of the Olympic Mountains and the Strait of Juan de Fuca .
A coast guard helicopter transported Boardman to Olympic Medical Center where he was pronounced deceased .
The goat in question had been reported as being aggressive and the National Park Service had been keeping tabs on it .
Yousef Mangoush , born in Benghazi , Cyrenaica , Libya , in 1950 , is a Major General .
He was named as the Chief of Staff of the Libyan Ground Forces on 2 January 2012 , Mangoush served in the Libyan army under the Gaddafi government and retired in 1999 at the rank of Colonel .
He had been a special forces commander in the Libyan Army prior to his retirement .
Mangoush joined the rebel forces in February 2011 during the Libyan conflict which toppled Muammar Gaddafi , Mangush was arrested in the oil town of Brega in April by Gaddafi 's forces and freed in late August following the fall of Tripoli .
The First Baptist Church of Tarrytown is located on South Broadway ( U.S. Route 9 ) in Tarrytown , New York , United States .
In 1983 it and its rectory were listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Larisons Corners is an unincorporated community located along the border of East Amwell and Raritan townships in Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States .
Its location is at the corner of Old York Road and where New Jersey Route 30 split from Old York Road and headed north towards Flemington .
Today , Old York Road is a part of Route 179 to the southwest and County Route 514/Amwell Road northeast of the point .
U.S. Route 202 and Route 31 comprise the main road to Flemington though the highway was built on a new alignment to the south of this point after US 202 bypassed Ringoes in the 1960s .
A gas station and some small businesses line US 202 in the area and some churches , Larison 's Corner Cemetery , and houses make up the remainder of the area .
The Palace of Longoria ( Spanish : Palacio de Longoria ) is an Art Nouveau palace that the politician and financier Francisco Javier González Longoria ordered to be built in the district of Chueca , at the corner of Fernando VI and Pelayo streets , in the city of Madrid , Spain .
Together with the House of Gallardo ( Spanish : Casa Gallardo ) in the Plaza de España , it is Madrid 's most notable example of modernist architecture .
Longoria contracted the Catalán architect José Grases Riera to design and build it in 1902.It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1996 and is currently the headquarters of the Spanish General Society of Authors and Editors ( Spanish : Sociedad General de Autores y Editores SGAE ) .
Amanieu VIII ( sometimes VII ) ( died 1326 ) was the Lord of Albret from 1298 until his death ; the son of Amanieu VII .
His son Bernard Ezi IV succeeded him in Albret and on the Council .
The Aarhus Theatre ( Danish : Aarhus Teater ) in Aarhus , is the largest provincial theatre in Denmark .
Since Aarhus had grown to become Jutland 's biggest city during the 19th century , the old theatre had become too small to serve the public demand .
Wildlife Warriors ( subtitled It 's Time ) is a compilation album by Australian country music artist John Williamson .
The album was released in November 2006 following the death of Steve Irwin and contains important environmental songs ; many of which inspirations to Irwin .
A$ 1 from each sale was donated to the Wildlife Warriors conservation foundation , a charity founded by Steve and Terri Irwin .
Williamson said " [ Steve ] was a loud , proud Aussie who promoted the wonders of our ancient land with incredible enthusiasm .
The album was supported with a " Wildlife Warrior Tour " across Australia in 2007 .
Jean - Michel Emmanuel Salanskis ( born April 5 , 1951 in Paris ) is a French philosopher and mathematician , professor of science and philosophy at the University of Paris X Nanterre .
In his book La gauche et l'égalité he argues that the left is structured by a “ critique of power taking the form of a critique of man ’s humiliation at the hands of transcendence " ( p.   22 ) , and that it is therefore necessary " to eliminate entirely the communist episode from the left , ” for this episode partakes of the crushing of the people by one man who can “ become the keystone of the world , restoring the attributes and the aura of royalty " ( p.   37 ) .
In his 2010 book Derrida , he presents the philosophy of Jacques Derrida in an accessible manner for the lay reader , showing how Derrida 's work related to the fields of psychoanalysis , radical politics , and literature .
He died in Melbourne , Australia on 18 March 1993 .
The Arikaree Breaks are badlands in northwest Kansas .
The breaks extend from Rawlins County , Kansas westward across Cheyenne County , Kansas and into Yuma County , Colorado .
Federal Heights is a neighborhood in Salt Lake City , Utah .
It is generally considered as the residential area to the east of Virginia Street and to the north of South Temple Street in Salt Lake City .
It abuts the Wasatch Mountains to the north , and the University of Utah to the south and east .
The name " Federal Heights " originates from the period between the Mormon settlers ' establishment of Salt Lake City in 1847 and Utah 's admittance to the United States as a state in 1896 .
During this period of time , the Federal Government of the United States established Fort Douglas in the foothills of the Wasatch Mountains above Salt Lake City ( not far from the present - day neighborhood ) in order to keep an eye on the settlers .
Through the efforts of Utah 's U.S.
Senator Thomas Kearns ( 1901 - 1905 ) , Fort Douglas became a regimental post . The officers of the fort established their homesteads to the north - east , creating the Federal Heights neighborhood .
He moved to England where he worked as a corrector for the Clarendon Press at Oxford .
Mickle had various literary failures and minor successes until , while at Forest Hill , he produced his translation of the Lusiad , from the Portuguese of Luís de Camões .
In 1784 he published the ballad of Cumnor Hall , which suggested to Scott the writing of Kenilworth .
Radio Freedom was the radio propaganda arm of the African National Congress during the anti - Apartheid struggle from the 1970s through the 1990s .
It was the oldest liberation radio station in Africa .
While the broadcasts were from different radio stations ( including those of Tanzania , Zambia , Angola , Ethiopia , and Madagascar ) , their station identifications all sported the trademark introduction familiar to many from the The KLF song " 3 a.m. Eternal " : machine - gun fire , followed by a variation of
This is Radio Freedom , the voice of the African National Congress and its military wing Umkhonto we Sizwe ...
The Duchy of Samogitia ( , , ) was an administrative unit of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania from 1422 ( and from 1569 , a part of the Polish – Lithuanian Commonwealth ) .
The Grand Duke of Lithuania also held the title of Duke of Samogitia , although the actual ruler of the province , responsible to the Duke , was known as the General Elder ( Seniūnas ) of Samogitia .
The Duchy was located in the western part of the present Republic of Lithuania .
The result of the transfer of Togoland to Ghana has meant that many Togolese keep one foot on either side of the border , living in Ghana by night and working in the markets of the capital , Lomé , by day .
Lionsgate Films ( formerly known as Cinépix Film Properties ) is an American film production and film distribution studio , headquartered in Santa Monica and founded in French Canada , and is the flagship division of Lionsgate Entertainment .
It focuses on foreign and independent films and has distributed various commercially successful film series , including The Twilight Saga and Step Up ( both partially , via the firm 's 2012 acquisition of two franchise 's distributor Summit Entertainment ; the latter has distributed by Disney 's Touchstone Pictures since its first film ) , The Hunger Games , Rambo , Divergent , The Punisher ( prior to Marvel Studios acquiring its rights back in 2013 ) , John Wick , Saw , Hostel , The Expendables , Sinister , Madea , Blair Witch , and Now You See Me .
Mayland Community College is located in the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina in the town of Spruce Pine .
The college also operates learning centers in Newland , NC and in Burnsville , NC .
The name of the college is derived from the three counties it primarily serves ; Mitchell , Avery , and Yancey .
It is currently one of 58 institutions operating under the North Carolina Community College System .
Mayland Community College was first chartered as Mayland Technical Institute in February 1970 by the General Assembly of North Carolina upon recommendations by the State Board of Education , the Advisory Budget Commission , and Governor Robert W. Scott .
She was married to Eugène Manet , the brother of her friend and colleague Édouard Manet .
The Little Falls Township Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Little Falls , in Passaic County , New Jersey , United States .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " FG " , the fourth - highest of eight groupings .
For ninth through twelfth grades , students in public school attend Passaic Valley Regional High School , which also serves students from Totowa and Woodland Park .
This minivet is found in tropical southern Asia from India to southern China , Indonesia , and the Philippines .
Anachlysictis gracilis is an extinct carnivorous mammal belonging to the group Sparassodonta , which were metatherians ( a group including marsupials and their close relatives ) that inhabited South America during the Cenozoic .
Unlike other remains assigned to the family Thylacosmilidae ( a group of metatherian predators equipped with " saber teeth " ) that had been found previously , Anachlysictis is the first record of such borhyaenoids in northern South America , and also most primitive and ancient in the family ( in fact , is the first confirmed record that did not belong to the genus Thylacosmilus , until the official publication of Patagosmilus in 2010 ) .
This species was found in the Villavieja Formation in the area of La Venta in Colombia , a famous fossil deposit in the Middle Miocene ( Laventan ; 13.8 - 11.8 million years ago ) , based on fragments that include a front portion of the lower jaw , with an incipient molar tooth and a piece of carnassial from the front of the maxilla .
The , sometimes known as the Japanese Revolution , was a civil war in Japan , fought from 1868 to 1869 between forces of the ruling Tokugawa shogunate and those seeking to return political power to the Imperial Court .
However , military movements by imperial forces , partisan violence in Edo , and an imperial decree promoted by Satsuma and Chōshū abolishing the house of Tokugawa led Yoshinobu to launch a military campaign to seize the emperor 's court in Kyoto .
Those loyal to the Tokugawa retreated to northern Honshū and later to Hokkaidō , where they founded the Ezo republic .
Defeat at the Battle of Hakodate broke this last holdout and left the imperial rule supreme throughout the whole of Japan , completing the military phase of the Meiji Restoration .
Nesquehoning Mountain or Nesquehoning Ridge is a coal bearing ridge dividing the waters of Lehigh Valley to the north from the Schuylkill River valley and the several near parallel ridgelines of the Ridge - and - valley Appalachians barrier range all local members of which run generally WSW - ENE in the greater overall area .
Nestled above a creek sculpted ravine across from the even less negotiable sides of Broad Mountain the flanks above Nesquehoning Creek reach a sharp bend cut by the water gap of the Lehigh River and merge with the ridge of Pisgah Ridge to the south into a common terminal mountain , Mount Pisgah within sight of the Southern Poconos in a region once touted as " The Switzerland of America " along the eastern edge of the Southern Anthracite Region , all several ridge lines north of the escarpment Blue Mountain Ridge , Pennsylvania .
in part providing the source waters for Nesquehoning Creek a tributary of the Lehigh River in the Poconos of eastern Pennsylvania in the United States .
Arsen Sheklian , better known by his stage name Arsen Roulette , ( born July 23 , 1976 ) is an American singer , lyricist , guitar player and upright bass player from Fresno , California .
Roulette is a prolific songwriter penning more than 100 songs in the Rockabilly Genre , a mixture of Rock and Roll , Blues and American Hillbilly music .
In 1996 Arsen discovered Rocabilly music and in 1997 Arsen formed the rockabilly trio " Arsen Roulette and the Ricochets " , the bands rotating members were a veritable whose who of neo - rockabilly giants .
After several name changes and a successful U.S. tour , the trio grew into a quartet of semi - permanent musicians , mainly European Rock - A - Billy musicians who play full - time in other bands of this genre .
Currently , Arsen is playing lead guitar in a local Rockabilly band that is well established in Central California , Jailbreak , with lead singer , Greg " The Jailhouse Daddy " Kosobud and continues to tour all over the world as Arsen Roulette .
The history of jazz in Belgium starts with the Dinant instrument maker Adolphe Sax , whose saxophone became part of military bands in New Orleans around 1900 and would develop into the jazz instrument par excellence .
From then on the early history of jazz in Belgium virtually runs parallel to developments in the country of the birth of jazz , from the minstrel shows in the late 19th century until the first Belgian jazz album in 1927 and beyond .
Two important people in Belgium largely influenced the development of jazz in those early years : Félix - Robert Faecq and Robert Goffin .
Quaudiophiliac ( styled QuAUDIOPHILIAc ) is a compilation album featuring music by Frank Zappa , released in DVD - Audio format by Barking Pumpkin Records in 2004 .
Zappa prepared quadraphonic mixes of a number of his 1970s albums , with both Over - Nite Sensation ( 1973 ) and Apostrophe ( ' ) ( 1974 ) being released in discrete quadraphonic on Zappa 's DiscReet Records label .
Produced by Zappa , and completed by his son , Dweezil Zappa , Quaudiophiliac includes several previously unreleased works in this format .
Elexis Sinclaire is a fictional character in the SiN first - person shooter video game series by Ritual Entertainment .
He probably died in Augsburg , Germany , in 1567 .
The Serbian Orthodox Church ( ) is one of the autocephalous Eastern Orthodox Christian Churches .
The Serbian Orthodox Church comprises the majority of the population in Serbia , Montenegro , and the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
It is organized into metropolises and eparchies located primarily in Serbia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , and Croatia , but also all over the world where Serb diaspora lives .
Blade Runner is an American neo - noir science fiction media franchise originating from the 1968 novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
by Philip K. Dick , about the character of Rick Deckard .
She grew up in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and attended the University of Pittsburgh .
McKenzie presents talks that center around the intersections of race , class , queerness , and gender at universities and conferences across the United States She currently lives in Boston , Massachusetts .
Bergen County is the most populous county in the U.S. state of New Jersey .
As of the 2017 Census estimate , the county 's population was 948,406 , an increase of 4.8 % from the 2010 United States Census , which in turn represented an increase of 20,998 ( 2.4 % ) from the 884,118 counted in the 2000 Census .
Located in the northeastern corner of New Jersey and its Gateway Region , Bergen County is part of the New York City Metropolitan Area and is directly across the Hudson River from Manhattan , to which it is connected by the George Washington Bridge .
Bergen County is divided into 70 municipalities , but has no large cities .
Its most populous place , with 43,010 residents at the time of the 2010 census , is Hackensack , which is also its county seat .
Mahwah covered the largest area of any municipality , at .
In 2015 , the county had a per capita personal income of $ 75,849 , the fourth - highest in New Jersey and ranked 45th of 3,113 counties in the United States .
Bergen County is one of the wealthiest counties in the United States , with a median household income of $ 81,708 per the 2010 Census , increasing to an estimated $ 84,677 in 2014 , which was almost 18 % higher than the $ 71,919 median statewide .
al - Burj ( ) , also spelled Borj , is a village in northern Aleppo Governorate , northwestern Syria .
Situated in the northern Aqil mountains , bordering the Queiq Plain to the west , it is located between al - Rai and al - Bab , some northeast of the city of Aleppo , and south of the border to the Turkish province of Kilis .
Al Burj was captured by Turkish - backed Free Syrian Army from ISIS , On 7 November 2016 .
Administratively the village belongs to Nahiya al - Bab in al - Bab District .
Nearby localities include Tall Battal to the south , and Ka'ibah to the northwest , on the Queiq Plain .
Maham Begam or Mahim Begum ( died 28 March 1534 ; ; meaning " My moon " ) was Empress of Mughal Empire from 20 April 1526 to 26 December 1530 as the third wife and chief consort of Babur , the founder of the Mughal Empire and the first Mughal emperor .
Until 1 January 2007 , Bjerringbro municipality was a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Viborg County on the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark .
Its latest mayor was Poul Vesterbæk , a member of the Venstre ( Liberal Party ) political party .
It was merged with Fjends , Karup , Møldrup , Tjele , and Viborg municipalities to form an enlarged Viborg municipality .
The Tewantin National Park is a 13 square kilometer national park in Queensland , Australia .
It consists of five individual areas west of Noosa Heads in the Wide Bay - Burnett region about 115 kilometers north of Brisbane and 125   km south of Hervey Bay .
The park is divided into disconnected sections within Lake Macdonald , Tinbeerwah , Tewantin and Noosaville .
The national park protects coastal rainforest , bright eucalyptus forest and the last remnants of Wallum Heath between Noosa and Cooray .
The Mount Tinbeerwah ( 265 m ) is composed of solidified lava , which was created by volcanic activity millions of years ago .
The Philippine Sports Stadium , also known as New Era University ( NEU ) Stadium , is a football and track stadium at Ciudad de Victoria , a 140-hectare tourism enterprise zone in the towns of Bocaue and Santa Maria in Bulacan , Philippines .
The stadium was built right next to the Philippine Arena , the world 's largest indoor arena .
The stadium is the largest football stadium in the Philippines with a maximum seating capacity of 25,000 .
Its seating capacity is more than twice the seating capacity of the Rizal Memorial Stadium , the national stadium of the country which has a seating capacity of 12,000 .
" Paint It Black " ( originally released as " Paint It , Black " ) is a song by the English rock band the Rolling Stones .
Jointly credited to the songwriting partnership of Mick Jagger and Keith Richards , it was first released as a single on 6 May 1966 , and later included as the opening track to the US version of their 1966 album Aftermath .
The song became the Rolling Stones ' third number one hit single in the US and sixth in the UK .
As sustainability gains support worldwide , universities across the United States have begun to take initiatives toward more sustainable campuses .
The American College and University Presidents’ Climate Commitment is an evident effort to address global climate disruption consisting of a network of colleges and universities that have made institutional commitments to reduce net greenhouse gas emissions on campus , and to promote the research and educational efforts of higher education to prepare society to re - stabilize the earth ’s climate .
Oberlin College in Ohio features the first Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ( LEED ) Gold certified music facility , while Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut has pledged that all new buildings will meet these same Gold standards .
LEED is an internationally recognized green building certification system created by the U.S. Green Building Council .
Princeton and Ohio University have both made strides toward cutting yearly carbon emissions on campus ; While Florida Gulf Coast University has implemented solar energy throughout various buildings .
The Revolutionary Liberation Movement Tupaq Katari ( Spanish : Movimiento Revolucionario Túpac Katari de Liberación , MRTKL ) is a left - wing political party in Bolivia .
In 1985 , Jenaro Flores Santos split from the Tupaj Katari Revolutionary Movement and founded the Revolutionary Liberation Movement Tupaq Katari .
In a 1988 party congress , Jenaro Flores Santos walked out with some of his supporters and formed the Katarist United Liberation Front ( FULKA ) .
Although the indigenous candidates attracted large crowds , they found that many campesinos already were committed to the Revolutionary Nationalist Movement , the Revolutionary Left Movement , or other parties that had a better chance of winning .
Monumental Church is a former Episcopal church that stands at 1224 E. Broad Street between N. 12th and College Streets in Richmond , Virginia .
Designed by architect Robert Mills , it is one of America 's earliest and most distinctive Greek Revival churches and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places , is a National Historic Landmark and is located in the Court End historic district .
Analog Man is the eleventh and latest studio solo album by the American singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist Joe Walsh , formerly of the James Gang and lead guitarist for the Eagles .
The album was released in mid 2012 , on the label Fantasy in the United States and the United Kingdom , It is his first studio solo album to be released since 1992 's Songs for a Dying Planet , 20 years prior .
The album also features contributions from the former Beatles drummer , Ringo Starr , the former Barnstorm members , Kenny Passarelli and Joe Vitale , former James Gang members , Jim Fox and Dale Peters , and also a duet with Little Richard .
The Traveling Wilburys Collection is a box set compilation album by the British - American supergroup the Traveling Wilburys .
The box set was released on 11 June 2007 by Rhino , in association with Wilbury Records .
The release was overseen by George Harrison 's estate , as the rights holder for the Wilburys ' catalogue , and ensured that the band 's recordings were available for the first time since they went out of print in the mid 1990s .
Two of the bonus tracks were completed for the box set by Jeff Lynne , who co - founded the Wilburys in 1988 , and Harrison 's son Dhani .
The Traveling Wilburys Collection was commercially successful , topping albums charts in Britain , Ireland , Australia and several other countries .
" On the Pathos of Truth " ( German : Über das Pathos der Wahrheit ) is a short essay by Friedrich Nietzsche concerning the motivation of philosophers to seek knowledge as an end in itself .
On this point the essay prefigures theories concerning a destructive " will to truth " that Nietzsche discusses in On the Genealogy of Morals , Beyond Good and Evil , and The Gay Science .
Nietzsche concludes the essay by identifying a need to have art along with knowledge .
In 1972 , after he criticised the lack of democracy in the Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina , he was expelled from the League of Communists of Yugoslavia as a critic of the Yugoslav model of workers ' self - management and lack of democracy in the SR Bosnia and Herzegovina .
HitRecord on TV is a 2014 American television variety series created by Joseph Gordon - Levitt with executive producers Jared Geller , Brian Graden , and Belisa Balaban .
The satellite variety show currently airs new episodes five consecutive nights a week ( every day except Thursday and Friday on which reruns are aired instead ) after prime time and before late night for Pivot on Verizon FIOS , AT&T ; U - verse , DirecTV , and Dish .
Stephanie McKay is an American soul singer and songwriter from the Bronx in New York , whose music includes elements of soul , funk , rock and hip hop .
Saints and Sinners is an album by American rock band Young Dubliners .
The album is their first effort with all original material ( their previous release , With All Due Respect , was essentially a tribute to Irish music ) .
The first single , " Rosie " , gained considerable airplay on U.S. radio stations , as did " Buy You a Life " .
The band performed " Rosie " on ABC TV 's Jimmy Kimmel Live !
on March 17 , 2009 ; they also appeared on the show on March 17 , 2011 and played " Howaya Girls " .
The Impeachment March , sometimes referred to as the " Impeach Trump " protest , was a series of rallies against the President of the United States , Donald Trump , held nationwide on July 2–4 , 2017 , advocating that Congress begin the impeachment process against him .
Events took place in more than 30 cities throughout the United States .
Organizers accused President Trump of violating the United States Constitution , specifically the Foreign Emoluments Clause and the Domestic Emoluments Clause , and claimed he committed obstruction of justice by dismissing Sally Yates and James Comey .
They also cited Trump 's alleged interference with the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's review of Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections and his travel ban issue as reasons for his impeachment .
The demonstrations were mostly peaceful , though three people were arrested in Philadelphia .
Events were organized by various organizations , including affiliates of the Indivisible movement .
" Bootie Call " is a song performed by British - Canadian girl group All Saints from their debut album , All Saints ( 1998 ) .
The song was co - written by group member Shaznay Lewis in collaboration with its producer , Karl Gordon .
" Bootie Call " was first released on 31 August 1998 by London Records as All Saints ' fourth official single .
It was released on cassette , CD and 12 " format accompanied by a B - side entitled " Get Down " as well as previous hit " I Know Where It 's At " and a remix of " Never Ever " .
" I Saved the World Today " is a song recorded by the British pop music duo Eurythmics from their album Peace in 1999 .
The song was released as the first single from the album and returned Eurythmics to the UK singles chart for the first time in nearly a decade , peaking at number eleven .
The song was briefly played as background music for an engagement party scene in season two , episode 12 of The Sopranos , " The Knight in White Satin Armor " , and then meaningfully used as background for the closing scene and credits of that same episode .
It was also used in the diner scene and over the closing credits of Norwegian film Lønsj .
Jasenko Đorđrević is an artist from Tuzla , Bosnia and Herzegovina who was born on June 9 , 1983 .
The Division of Calwell is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria .
The division is located in the north - western suburbs of Melbourne .
Localities include , , Calder Park , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and and part of .
The current Member for Calwell , since the 2001 federal election , is Maria Vamvakinou , a member of the Australian Labor Party .
Kalix ( / kölismåle ) is a divergent Swedish dialect spoken in the Kalix Municipality along with Sami , Finnish , Meänkieli and the national standard language Swedish .
Xue Pan ( ) is a secondary character in the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber .
He is a ne'er - do - well lout who is guilty of the killing of a man over a beautiful slave girl , Zhen Yinglian , who is renamed as Xiangling ( Lotus ) .
He is the elder brother of Xue Baochai and the son of Aunt Xue .
He is a total opposite of Baochai , who is tactful and cultivated , although he has genuine respect for his sister .
He eventually marries a shrew , Xia Jin'gui , who causes much misery to Aunt Xue , Baochai , Xiangling and himself .
The Ibergeregg Pass is a mountain pass at an elevation in the Swiss canton of Schwyz .
The Sculpture by the Sea exhibition in Sydney and Perth is Australia 's largest annual outdoor sculpture exhibition .
This exhibition was initiated in 1997 , at Bondi Beach and it featured sculptures by both Australian and overseas artists .
In 2005 , a companion event was established at Cottesloe Beach in Western Australia featuring over 70 artists .
In 2009 it was announced that Aarhus in Denmark would host the first Sculpture by the Sea exhibition outside of Australia .
In 2014 Waverley Council estimated that between 450,000 and 500,000 people would visit the sculptures during their exhibition in Sydney .
Albert Ogden " Scoop " Vorse Jr. ( August 9 , 1914 – October 27 , 1979 ) was an accomplished United States Navy aviator and flying ace of World War II who participated in some of the most prominent actions of the Pacific theater , including the Battle of the Coral Sea and the Guadalcanal Campaign .
He graduated from Balliol College at the University of Oxford with a first - class honours degree in English literature .
The author of nearly fifty books , Huxley was best known for his novels ( among them Brave New World , set in a dystopian future ) ; for nonfiction works , such as The Doors of Perception , in which he recalls his experiences taking psychedelic drugs ; and for his wide - ranging essays .
Early in his career , Huxley published short stories and poetry , and edited the literary magazine Oxford Poetry .
He spent the latter part of his life in the United States , living in Los Angeles from 1937 until his death .
The ladder of opportunity is a catchphrase coined by former Australian Opposition Leader Mark Latham to describe the process of social advancement or the elevation to higher social classes of Australian citizens .
After defeating Kim Beazley for the role of Leader of the Opposition , Mark Latham coined the political slogan in his first press conference to describe what he stood for as Labor leader and alternative Prime Minister .
Barlonyo ( also Bar Lonyo , meaning " field of wealth " in Luo ) is a village in northern Uganda near Lira town , where a number of internally displaced people ( IDPs ) from parts of northern Uganda lived , as a result of a 20-year LRA insurgency .
It is located in Orit Parish , at the North -eastern end of Ogur sub - county in Lira District .
It is a 45-minute drive from Lira town .
The Lord 's Resistance Army ( LRA ) , is a rebel group that had bases in Acholi sub Region of northern Uganda .
The Ugandan government blamed the LRA for a massacre of over 200 civilians at the IDP camp in Barlonyo on February 21 , 2004 .
The Korea National Ballet is a South Korean ballet company .
" Rammstein " is a song by the German industrial metal band Rammstein .
It is the eleventh and final track on their debut album , Herzeleid , and was the first song written by the band .
In the Live aus Berlin performance of the song , lead vocalist Till Lindemann ascends from underneath the stage via a trap door .
The only tour it has not been included in is the tour for Liebe ist für alle da and Made in Germany 1995–2011 , although in the last Made in Germany tour / unofficial tour name of the Made in Germany tour Wir halten das Tempo tour , the introduction of the song has been used to tease the audience as they performed the intro with guitar flamethrowers before segueing into " Bück Dich " .
Standing in the Light is the fourth studio album released by the British jazz - funk band Level 42 .
The first single , " Out of Sight , Out of Mind " , originally produced by Wally Badarou , was released only in the United Kingdom and ranked # 41 on the United Kingdom charts .
The second single " The Sun Goes Down ( Living it Up ) " was released in the United Kingdom , Oceania and other parts of Europe and America and gave the group its first top 10 in the United Kingdom .
The third single " Micro Kid " peaked at # 37 on the United Kingdom single charts .
The album was released again in 2000 with bonus tracks in a 2-CD compilation with the album " The Pursuit of Accidents " in the United Kingdom by the label Polydor .
Jun Hyo - seong ( Hangul : 전효성 ; Hanja : 全 烋星 ; born October 13 , 1989 ) often simply known as Hyoseong or Hyosung , is a South Korean singer and actress .
In 2005 , she was a finalist in Mnet 's Battle Shinhwa which led to her signing a recording contract with Good Entertainment .
In 2007 , she was going to debut in the group Five Girls , with G.NA , Wonder Girls ' Yubin , After School 's Uee and former T - ara member and former Spica member Yang Jiwon ; however , the group disbanded before they were able to debut due to the company 's financial problems .
Hyoseong was later discovered by TS Entertainment through a show aired on SBS MTV called Diary of Five Girls and spent two years with the company as a trainee .
In 2009 , she debuted with Song Jieun , Han Sunhwa and Jung Hana as the four - member girl group Secret .
Main Street ( Ottawa Road # 72 ) is an arterial road in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Main Street begins at Colonel By Drive near the community of Sandy Hill and runs in a straight line south until it bends near the Rideau River and becomes Smyth Road .
Main Street is home to the Cuban embassy , Immaculata High School and Saint Paul University .
For most of its length it runs parallel with the Rideau River and the Rideau Canal , being about halfway between them .
Despite the name , the street is not Ottawa 's " main street " , as one would argue that that title would be held by Bank Street .
Main Street however is the " main street " for the community of Ottawa East .
It was originally the main street of Archville , Ontario , which later amalgamated with Ottawa in 1907 .
At that time Ottawa had no other street called Main and the name was not changed .
John Kinzie ( December 3 , 1763 – January 6 , 1828 ) was a fur trader from Quebec who first operated in Detroit and what became the Northwest Territory of the United States .
A partner of William Burnett from Canada , about 1802 - 1803 Kinzie moved with his wife and child to Chicago , where they were among the first permanent European settlers .
In 1812 Kinzie killed Jean La Lime , who worked as an interpreter at Fort Dearborn in Chicago .
After escaping , he returned to American territory , settling again in Chicago by 1816 .
William Noble Warbey ( 16 August 1903 – 6 May 1980 ) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom .
William Warbey was born in the then newly created Metropolitan Borough of Hackney in London .
He first entered the House of Commons in the Labour landslide at the 1945 general election , as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Luton in Bedfordshire .
However , at the 1950 general election he lost his seat to the Conservative Party candidate Charles Hill , the former " radio doctor " .
Warbey re - entered Parliament at a 1953 by - election for the Nottinghamshire constituency of Broxtowe , following the death of sitting Labour MP Seymour Cocks .
However , that constituency was abolished for the 1955 general election , when Warbey was returned for the new Ashfield constituency .
In 1916 - 1917 a series of letters by ` Abdu'l - Bahá , then head of the religion , asked the followers of the religion to take the religion to regions of Africa ; these letters were compiled together in the book titled Tablets of the Divine Plan .
In 1929 Shoghi Effendi , then Guardian of the religion , was the first Bahá'í to visit the area .
In 1953 several Bahá'ís settled in what was then South Rhodesia as pioneers .
Along with indigenous conversions in 1955 the Bahá'ís formed the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly was formed in Harare .
Though Rhodesia declared independence in 1965 , succeeding political developments and wars changed the status of the country and the National Assembly was reformed and has continued since 1970 while Zimbabwe regained independence in 1980 .
Gauze is the first studio album released by Dir En Grey on July 28 , 1999 .
The album was originally released on July 28 , 1999 as a standard version with a thick CD case , 36-page booklet with the CD reading surface painted red , through East West Japan .
The album was later re - issued as standard version only , with a silver disc on October 31 , 2001 , through Free - Will .
Although live performances of songs from this album have been extremely rare since 2003 , the album still contains some of the band 's most popular songs like " Cage " and " Yokan " .
The SR West Country and Battle of Britain classes , collectively known as Light Pacifics or informally as Spam Cans , are air - smoothed 4 - 6 - 2 Pacific steam locomotives designed for the Southern Railway by its Chief Mechanical Engineer Oliver Bulleid .
Incorporating a number of new developments in British steam locomotive technology , they were amongst the first British designs to use welding in the construction process , and to use steel fireboxes , which meant that components could be more easily constructed under wartime austerity and post - war economy .
A total of 110   locomotives were constructed between 1945 and 1950 , named after West Country resorts or Royal Air Force ( RAF ) and other subjects associated with the Battle of Britain .
New Creek Mountain is a mountain ridge of the Ridge - and - Valley Appalachians in Grant and Mineral counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
The mountain is named for New Creek which rises and flows along its western flanks .
It is part of the Wills Mountain Anticline , with Knobly Mountain along its eastern flank .
The Allegheny Front rises steeply to the west of New Creek Mountain .
Oriskany ( Ridgeley ) sandstone cliffs ring the entire mountain .
Saddle Mountain , prominent in the view eastward from the Skyland Overlook on U.S. 50 , is a saddle - shaped dip in the mountain 's ridgecrest .
The New Creek Mountain Cliffs are high , lining a great cleft in the mountain that rivals the famed Franconia Notch of New England .
With Muhtadi 's death and the ascension of al - Mu'tamid , the Turkish faction around Musa ibn Bugha , closely associated with Mu'tamid 's brother and regent al - Muwaffaq , became dominant in the caliphal court , ending the " anarchy " .
The MAS Region ( ) , known until 2014 as Broad Social Movement ( , MAS ) is a Chilean left - wing political party founded by Alejandro Navarro in 2008 .
The party is created as a political movement in 2008 , by Senator Alejandro Navarro , after the then member of the Socialist Party ( PS ) began to feel poorly represented both by his party ( which was then headed by Camilo Escalona ) as the Concertacion , political coalition that owns the PS .
Currently participating in the electoral coalition Nueva Mayoría .
In 2014 it merged with the Northern Force Party , led by the mayor of Iquique , Jorge Soria , to form MAS Region .
In 2016 , Senator Navarro resigned the party and the Nueva Mayoría to form the new País party .
Gazmend Pula ( born in Pristina , Kosovo ) is a Kosovar - Albanian intellectual , human rights campaigner , and is Kosovar ambassador to Albania .
He is the founder of the Kosovo Helsinki Committee for Human Rights based in Pristina , and has been active in the struggle for the advancement of political and civil liberties in Kosovo , for which he was awarded the US and EU Democracy and Civil Society Award in 1998 .
Prior to being appointed ambassador by the President of Kosovo , he held the title of Associate Professor in the University of Pristina , Cathedra for Production and Transmission of Electrical Energy .
The Kingdom of Africa was an extension of the frontier zone of the Siculo - Norman state in the former Roman province of Africa ( Ifrīqiya in Tunisian Arabic ) , corresponding to Tunisia and parts of Algeria and Libya today .
Las Supremas de Móstoles ( or The Supremes of Móstoles , in English ) is a Spanish pop band made up of three sisters : twins Vicky and Luisi ( born 1958 ) and younger sister Susi ( born 1963 ) .
There has been some confusion between Francisco and his father Rodrigo de Osona .
Father and son worked closely together in their workshop in Valencia , therefore works are often attributed to both , although some assumptions are made that Francisco was more open to what was newer styles and forms in Italy .
The Leopold Mozart Centre ( German : ( LMZ ) in Augsburg , Germany , is a university of music , founded as part of the University of Augsburg in 2008 .
It is located in the buildings of the former Musikhochschule as well as buildings on the university campus .
Kostal Cone , also called Kostal Volcano and Fire Mountain , is a young cinder cone in Wells Gray Provincial Park in east - central British Columbia , Canada .
It rises from the northeast shore of Kostal Lake in the Cariboo Mountains .
With an elevation of , Kostal Cone is one of the lowest volcanoes in the Wells Gray - Clearwater volcanic field .
It is an example of volcanic activity that has occurred in the Wells Gray - Clearwater volcanic field since the last glacial period ; others include the Dragon 's Tongue lava flow from Dragon Cone just north of Kostal Cone and the Flourmill Volcanoes north of Mahood Lake .
Fanny Geefs ( 1807 – 1883 ) was a Belgian painter of Irish descent .
She married successful sculptor Guillaume Geefs in 1836 .
Her triptych The life of a woman : Pity - Love - Sorrow was an influence on Charlotte Brontë , in particular her autobiographical novel Villette , set in Brussels .
The yellow - faced honeyeater ( Caligavis chrysops ) is a medium - small bird in the honeyeater family , Meliphagidae .
It is widespread across eastern and south eastern Australia , in open sclerophyll forests from coastal dunes to high - altitude subalpine areas , and woodlands along creeks and rivers .
While some yellow - faced honeyeaters are sedentary , hundreds of thousands migrate northwards between March and May to spend the winter in southern Queensland and return in July and August to breed in southern New South Wales and Victoria .
Marella Explorer is a Century - class cruise ship owned and operated by Marella Cruises .
Before joining TUI she cruised as MV Galaxy with Celebrity Cruises , and later as Mein Schiff with TUI Cruises .
She was laid down at the Meyer Werft shipyard in Papenburg , Germany , on 25May 1995 , was launched in May 1996 , and was delivered to Celebrity Cruises on 10October 1996 .
In May 2009 , she was transferred to the fleet of TUI Cruises , a joint venture between TUI AG and Celebrity Cruises ' owner Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. She was renamed Mein Schiff ( ) on 15 May 2009 , and Mein Schiff 1 in November 2010 .
The siege of Fushimi was a crucial battle in the series leading up to the decisive Battle of Sekigahara which ended Japan 's Sengoku period .
The wooden floors from Fushimi Castle were moved to a Buddhist temple , Yōgen - in , also in Kyoto , where they were made into a ceiling .
Fushimi Castle was defended by a force loyal to Tokugawa Ieyasu 's Eastern army , led by Torii Mototada .
Fushimi was originally built several years earlier , as a luxurious palace for Toyotomi Hideyoshi , but was destroyed by an earthquake in 1596 .
As war with Ishida approached , Tokugawa saw that this would be a prime target for his enemies , as it stood quite close to Kyoto and guarded many of the approaches to , and past , the city .
Amayak Zakharovich Kobulov (; 1906 - 1955 ) was a Soviet politician and member of the Soviet security and police apparatus during and briefly after the Joseph Stalin years , as was his older brother Bogdan Kobulov .
From July 1941 to January 1945 , he was NKVD chief in Uzbekistan .
Mario , who serves as Nintendo 's mascot , is a fictional character created by game designer Shigeru Miyamoto and voiced by Charles Martinet .
Juliane Lorenz , Fassbinder ’s last female partner , film editor and executor of his estate after his death , is also interviewed .
Fassbinder ’s ex - wife , actress and singer Ingrid Caven , briefly talks about him in a phone conversation .
According to Charles R. Cross in his 2001 Cobain biography Heavier Than Heaven , Cobain 's final straw with Foster came after Foster was arrested for assaulting the son of the mayor of Cosmopolis , Washington , which landed him in jail for two weeks , and caused him to have his driver 's license revoked , and being fined thousands of dollars in the victim 's medical expenses .
A lengthy termination note addressed to Foster was included , unsent , in Kurt Cobain 's published Journals , which while praising Foster 's drumming , also bemoans the difference in cultural background between Foster and Cobain , who both were Aberdeen natives .
CPR Alyth ( Calgary ) Yard is a Class 1 railway facility in the neighbourhood of Alyth , southeast of downtown Calgary , Alberta .
One of Canadian Pacific Railway 's main marshalling yards in Canada , it primarily serves as a rail car repair shop and diesel locomotive servicing facilities on site .
The yard is CPR 's busiest in Western Canada and is home terminal to crews operating north to Red Deer , Alberta , and west to Field , British Columbia , through the Spiral Tunnels .
Alyth Yard is designed to handle approximately 2200 rail cars at 100 % capacity , and is supported by satellite yards in Ogden Park , the Industrial Yard Office ( IYO ) and the Calgary Intermodal Facility at Sheppard .
Mackinac Island State Park is a state park located on Mackinac Island in the U.S. state of Michigan .
The park is also within the boundaries of the city of Mackinac Island and has permanent residents within its boundaries .
M-185 circles the perimeter of the park as the only motorless highway in the state due to the island 's ban of automobiles .
The park is governed by the Michigan Department of Natural Resources and the Mackinac Island State Park Commission .
The park was first established as Mackinac National Park in 1875 , which was the second national park established in the United States after Yellowstone National Park .
In 1895 , it was transferred to state control and reorganized as Mackinac Island State Park , which was the first state park in Michigan .
The park contains many important historical and geological features , such as Fort Mackinac , Fort Holmes , other historic buildings , historic sites , limestone caves , and other unique rock formations .
The park also operates the Mackinac Island Airport .
Many of these sites are formally operated by the Mackinac Island State Park Commission , which also operates two other parks around the Straits of Mackinac area : Colonial Michilimackinac and Historic Mill Creek Discovery Park .
Jaja Anucha Wachuku ( 1 January 1918 – 7 November 1996 ) , a Royal Prince of Ngwaland , " descendant of 20 generations of African chiefs in the Igbo country of Eastern Nigeria " , was a Pan - Africanist , and a Nigerian statesman , lawyer , politician , diplomat and humanitarian .
He was the first Speaker of the Nigerian House of Representatives , as well as first Nigerian Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the United Nations .
At a time when the United States government had already listed Nelson Mandela as a terrorist , Jaja Wachuku , who was " widely respected " as Foreign Affairs Minister of Nigeria intervened with the South African government and helped save Nelson Mandela and others from the death penalty at the 1963 – 64 Rivonia Trial .
On Thursday 30 September 2010 , President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria conferred on Wachuku a posthumous special Golden Jubilee Independence Anniversary Award for his outstanding contributions towards the development of Nigeria .
Also , for the 1 January 2014 100-year anniversary of Nigeria , having been nominated for exceptional recognition by the Presidential Committee on the Centenary Celebrations , Wachuku was , on Friday 28 February 2014 , honoured as a Hero of the Struggle for Nigeria 's Independence from Great Britain and a Pioneer Political Leader by President Goodluck Jonathan .
George Harrison Shull ( April 15 , 1874 – September 28 , 1954 ) was an eminent American plant geneticist and the younger brother of botanical illustrator and plant breeder J. Marion Shull .
He was born on a farm in Clark County , Ohio , graduated from Antioch College in 1901 and from the University of Chicago ( Ph.D. ) in 1904 , served as botanical expert to the Bureau of Plant Industry in 1903 - 04 , and thenceforth was a botanical investigator of the Carnegie Institution at the Station for Experimental Evolution , Cold Spring Harbor , N. Y. , giving special attention to the results of Luther Burbank 's work .
Shull played an important role in the development of hybrid maize ( in the USA , popularly ' corn ' ) which had great impact upon global agriculture .
I Am Ready is American country music artist Steve Wariner 's tenth full - length album .
It was released in 1991 on Arista Records as his first for the label , following his departure from MCA Records .
Singles from the album include " Leave Him Out of This " , " The Tips of My Fingers " ( a cover of Bill Anderson 's 1960 hit ) , " A Woman Loves " , " Crash Course in the Blues " and " Like a River to the Sea " .
The album was certified gold by the RIAA , and was Wariner 's first album to achieve that certification .
Chalmette High School is a high school in the Chalmette area of unincorporated St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana , United States .
Chalmette High School opened in 1954 at the current site of Chalmette Elementary School , previously known as Chalmette Middle School .
In 1962 , the school moved to the current location on the corner of Palmisano Avenue and Judge Perez Drive .
On August 29 , 2005 , Hurricane Katrina flooded the school , which was being used as an emergency shelter , along with the rest of the Greater New Orleans area .
In 2009 , U.S. News magazine released their rankings of the best high schools in America , based on test scores and other factors .
Chalmette earned a bronze medal as one of 39 schools in Louisiana to make the list .
Greystoke : The Legend of Tarzan , Lord of the Apes is a 1984 British Technicolor adventure film directed by Hugh Hudson and based on Edgar Rice Burroughs ' novel Tarzan of the Apes ( 1912 ) .
Christopher Lambert stars as Tarzan ( though the name Tarzan is never used in the film 's dialogue ) and Andie MacDowell as Jane ; the cast also includes Ralph Richardson ( in his final film appearance ) , Ian Holm , James Fox , Cheryl Campbell , and Ian Charleson .
Bozburun is a small seaside town with own municipality in Marmaris district , in southwestern Turkey .
It is situated on the coast of the peninsula of the same name ( Bozburun Peninsula ) which extends in parallel to Datça Peninsula in the south .
The town faces across the sea the town of Datça and the Greek island of Symi ( Sömbeki in Turkish )
Although quieter than Marmaris bay 's two centers of tourism of international renown ( Marmaris and İçmeler ) , Bozburun is a precious discovery for visitors who take the good but curvy road about further in partance of Marmaris , due to its natural beauties and the exceptional flora .
Its thyme honey is famous across Turkey .
In ancient times , Bozburun region was famous for its marble quarries , which is at the origin of one of the explanations given for the name Marmaris .
Marble has been a very important export product for the entire region of present - day Muğla Province since ages , with rich reserves starting from ancient Knidos at the tip of Datça Peninsula to inland Kavaklıdere 's modern installations in full activity in our day .
The Table Rock Welcome Centre ( also known as Table Rock Centre and formerly as Table Rock House ) is a retail and observation complex located in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada at the brink of the Canadian Horseshoe Falls , several hundred feet south of the former rock formation which bears its name .
The complex consists of two buildings connected by an indoor pedestrian mall and anchored by " The Grand Hall " , a multi - level indoor observation complex , completed in 2008 .
The north building , originally constructed in 1926 , houses a first - floor retail store and the Welcome Centre , Niagara 's Fury , a whitewater simulation , plus the ticket offices for the tunnels Journey Behind the Falls attraction .
The south building , constructed in 1974 , has a first - floor fast food snack bar , additional retail space , and a second - floor , semi - formal restaurant overlooking the Horseshoe Falls and the upper Niagara River .
Owned and operated by the Niagara Parks Commission , Table Rock Centre provides the best direct path from the Horseshoe Falls observation area to the Falls Incline Railway ( courtesy of a new bridge constructed in 2008 spanning the Niagara Parkway ) , which transports passengers to the Fallsview Tourist Area above the Niagara Escarpment .
It will run from near Innsbruck , in Austria , to Fortezza , in Italy , replacing part of the current Brenner railway .
The line is part of Line 1 , the Berlin to Palermo route , of Trans - European Transport Networks ( TEN - T ) .
The Brenner Pass , in the Alps at the border between Austria and Italy , is one of the most important traffic connections between northern and southern Europe , and the motorway going over it is infamous for its frequent traffic jams .
The hope is to relieve this situation by greatly improving the railway connection between North Tyrol and South Tyrol with the new tunnel , which will allow trains to cross the Alps much faster .
The travel time from Innsbruck to Bolzano will be reduced from 2 hours to 50 minutes .
Gypsy Honeymoon : The Best of Kim Carnes is a compilation album by Kim Carnes , released in 1993 .
Carnes picked the tracks herself .
Collin Raye recorded a version of Gypsy Honeymoon on his 2002 album " Ca n't Back Down " .
Carnes provided backing vocals for the track .
Some of the tracks on the album such as " I 'll Be Here Where the Heart Is " and " Bette Davis Eyes " were newly mixed and do not sound exactly the same as their original release .
Slivo Pole ( , ) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria , part of Rousse Province .
It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Slivo Pole Municipality , which lies in the northeastern part of the Province .
Pierre Marsan ( born June 29 , 1948 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Quebec politician .
Paddington is a London Underground station served by the Circle and Hammersmith & City lines .
It is located adjacent to the north side of Paddington mainline station and has entrances from within the mainline station and from Paddington Basin .
Pipa Mountain Park ( also known as Pipashan Park , ) is a major urban park in the city of Chongqing .
With an elevation of 345 meters , this park is the highest point of the Yuzhong District of Chongqing .
The park used to be a private garden to Wang Lingji , the former KMT governor of Sichuan Province during Republic of China period .
On the top of Pipa Mountain , there is a tall pagoda called Twin River Pagoda , on top of which people can view Yangtze River to the south and Jialing River to the north .
This place is one of the best sites to view the night scene of Chongqing .
Corrientes International Airport ( ) , also known as Doctor Fernando Piragine Niveyro International Airport ( ) is an airport in Corrientes Province , Argentina , serving the city of Corrientes , built in 1961 while the terminal was completed in 1964 .
The same is true with Sauce Viejo Airport ( SFN – in Santa Fe City ) and General Justo José de Urquiza Airport ( PRA – in Paraná , Entre Ríos ) , which are apart .
Qumran (; ) is an archaeological site in the West Bank managed by Israel 's Qumran National Park .
It is best known as the settlement nearest to the Qumran Caves where the Dead Sea Scrolls were hidden , caves in the sheer desert cliffs and beneath , in the marl terrace .
Kristian Gullichsen ( born 29 September 1932 , Helsinki ) is a Finnish architect .
The son of Harry and Maire Gullichsen he was born into a family of industrialists , designers and artists .
His siblings are the renowned Finnish philosopher Lilli Alanen and Johan Gullichsen , a professor of engineering .
Kristian Gullichsen has three sons and two daughters , one of the sons is the artist Alvar Gullichsen ( born 1961 ) .
Gullichsen has been married twice ; his second wife is architect Kirsi Gullichsen ( née Parkkinen ) ( born 1964 ) .
John Mitchell Vanderslice ( August 31 , 1846 - March 12 , 1915 ) was a United States soldier who fought for the Union Army during the American Civil War as a member of the 8th Pennsylvania Cavalry .
He received his nation 's highest award for valor , the U.S. Medal of Honor , for being the first man to reach the rifle pits of the Confederate States Army during a charge made by his regiment on CSA fortifications in the Battle of Hatcher 's Run , Virginia on February 6 , 1865 .
The Vaal Triangle is a triangular area formed by Vereeniging , Vanderbijlpark and Sasolburg - together they comprise a substantial urban complex in South Africa about 60   km south of Johannesburg .
Meyerton , just north of Vereeniging , is also generally included in the complex , and residents of Sharpeville , Boipatong , Bophelong , the greater Sebokeng area ( includingEvaton , Orange Farm , etc .
) , Heidelberg , Zamdela,((Deneysville ) ) and Potchefstroom also generally tend to consider themselves to live in the Vaal Triangle .
The area straddles the Vaal River and is a major industrial region , which is home to former Iron and Steel Corporation Iscor , now ArcelorMittal South Africa and Sasol , the steel and oil - from - coal processing facilities .
Nearby is the Vaal Dam , from which the massive PWV megalopolis ( Pretoria , Witwatersrand and Vereeniging ) draws its water .
The PWV forms the urban heart of Gauteng province .
The Witwatersrand is the name given to the area that comprises the Greater Johannesburg metropole and the gold - bearing reef along which gold was discovered in 1886 .
The Vaal Dam is well - patronised by people from Johannesburg over the weekends and during holidays , as it provides extensive water recreation facilities some 70   km south of the city .
" Cripples , Bastards , and Broken Things " is the fourth episode of the HBO medieval fantasy television series Game of Thrones , which first aired on May 8 , 2011 .
In this episode Lord Eddard Stark , the new Hand of the King , investigates the sudden death of his predecessor .
Jon Snow , Eddard 's bastard son , defends a new recruit who has just joined the rangers at " the Wall . "
The episode ends with Eddard 's wife Catelyn arresting Tyrion Lannister on suspicion of attempting to murder her son Bran .
The title comes from the original book , spoken by Tyrion after he provides Bran Stark with a saddle design that will allow him to ride despite his paraplegia : " I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples and bastards and broken things . "
Critical reaction to the episode was mostly positive , with critics citing the Night 's Watch scenes at the Wall as highlights , as well as Michelle Fairley 's performance as Catelyn Stark in the final scene of the episode with Peter Dinklage as Tyrion Lannister .
In the United States , the episode achieved a viewership of 2.5 million in its initial broadcast .
The Pink Line ( ) is a new subway line proposal for the Montreal Metro in Canada .
First proposed by municipal councillor Sylvain Ouellet in September 2011 , the Pink Line in its current form was a " central campaign promise " of the mayoral campaign of Valérie Plante , leader of the political party Projet Montréal and now mayor of Montreal .
It will start in Montreal North , and travel southeast through the city , with connections to the blue line extension , Mont - Royal metro station , and Place - des - Arts station .
Given this routing , the section from Montreal North to Pie - IX is generally seen as the successor to the cancelled White Line originally proposed in the 1980s .
A second phase of the project will travel southwest from Downtown Montreal , through the Notre - Dame - de - Grâce neighbourhood , Montreal West , and will end at Lachine .
Synnøve Svabø ( born 22 September 1968 in Sunnmøre , Norway ) is a Norwegian talk show host .
In 2009 she was NRK 's commentator in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest .
During the ESC , the NRK received many complaints from Norwegian viewers who said Svabø " talked too much " .
Among these , was the leader of the Broadcasting Council in the NRK , Kjellaug Nakkim .
Gardianul ( " The Guardian " ) was a Romanian daily newspaper published in Bucharest .
The newspaper was founded in 2002 by Şerban Roibu , the son of a Social Democratic Party senator and therefore is accused of bias in favour of the Social Democratic Party , although it did publish articles which are critical of Social Democrat members being investigated for corruption .
Leopold Ritter von Dittel ( May 29 , 1815 – July 28 , 1898 ) was an Austrian urologist born in Fulnek , a community now located in the Czech Republic .
Mary , Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood ( Victoria Alexandra Alice Mary ; 25 April 1897 – 28 March 1965 ) was a member of the British royal family .
She was the third child and only daughter of King George V and Queen Mary and was born during the reign of Queen Victoria , her great - grandmother .
Mary married Viscount Lascelles ( later the Earl of Harewood ) in 1922 .
Gary Norman Hurring ( born 10 October 1961 in Auckland ) is a former swimmer from New Zealand , who won the gold medal at the 1978 Commonwealth Games in the men 's 200 metres backstroke .
Hurring is the son of two former Olympic backstroke swimmers , Lincoln Hurring and Jean Stewart , who won the bronze medal in the women 's 100 metres backstroke at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki , Finland .
) /18 May 1888 ( N. S. ) – 15 January 1934 ) was the last prima ballerina of the Mariinsky Theater in the Imperial period of Russia .
When the Soviets took over Russia , Smirnova fled with a group of artists , making their way to Berlin , where she and her husband founded the Russian Romantic Theater and performed throughout Europe until 1926 .
Experiencing a serious illness , she recuperated in Milan before relocating to Argentina , where she gave her last performance and became a dance instructor .
Oļegs Blagonadeždins (; born 16 May 1973 in Donetsk , Ukraine ) is a former Latvian football defender , currently the assistant manager of the Latvian Higher League club FK Spartaks Jūrmala .
Blagonadeždins also played for Spartak - Alania Vladikavkaz in Russia .
From February to July 2012 Blagonadeždins managed the Latvian Higher League club Spartaks Jūrmala .
Prior to the 2014 Latvian First League season Blagonadeždins was appointed as the manager of AFA Olaine .
Sokolsky was born in Saint - Petersburg , Russia , but for most of his life lived in Riga , Latvia ( his father came from Ludzas County , which is where the family moved to after the revolutionary turmoil of 1917 began in Saint - Petersburg ) .
Homi Wadia ( 22 May 1911 – 10 December 2004 ) was an Indian film director and producer in Bollywood ( Hindi cinema ) .
Homi Wadia was married to actress and stunt woman Fearless Nadia .
Homi was the younger brother of JBH Wadia , who was himself a movie director .
It is a remake of another Televisa telenovela titled Quinceañera .
Hans Engen ( 22 August 1912 – 6 April 1966 ) was a Norwegian journalist , diplomat and politician for the Labour Party .
From 1946 to 1949 he worked as the foreign affairs editor of newspaper Verdens Gang .
Al Majma'ah ( ) is a city and a governorate in Ar Riyad Province , Saudi Arabia .
It is located at around , and it is the capital of the Sudair region .
Founded in 1417 CE by an immigrant from the Alshammari tribe , Al - Majma'ah was historically considered the capital of the region of Sudair .
, known as the first season of Digimon : Digital Monsters outside Japan , is a Japanese anime television series created by Akiyoshi Hongo , and produced by Toei Animation in cooperation with WiZ , Bandai and Fuji Television .
The series was followed by Digimon Adventure 02 , which takes place a few years after the events of Adventure .
The Battle of Groningen took place during the penultimate month of Second World War in Europe , from April 13 to 16 , 1945 , in the city of Groningen between a mixture of German soldiers , Dutch and Belgian SS troops numbering 7,000 against the entire 2nd Canadian Infantry Division , though the whole division was never in combat at any given time .
Groningen was also the site of the headquarters for the Sicherheitsdienst in the North of the Netherlands .
Panther Peak is a mountain located in Essex County , New York .
The northeast slopes of Panther Peak drain into Duck Hole pond , the source of the Cold River , which drains into the Raquette River , the Saint Lawrence River in Canada , and into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence .
Panther Peak is within the High Peaks Wilderness Area of New York 's Adirondack Park .
Originally a salt merchant , Wang Zhi turned to smuggling during the Ming dynasty 's period of maritime prohibitions banning all private overseas trade , and eventually became the head of a pirate syndicate stretching the East and South China Seas , from Japan to Thailand .
However , he was also blamed for the ravages of the Jiajing wokou raids in China , and was executed in 1560 for that reason while trying to negotiate a relaxation of the Ming maritime prohibitions .
Emory Marvin Underwood ( December 11 , 1877 – August 28 , 1960 ) was a United States federal judge .
Born in Douglas County , Georgia , Underwood received a B.A.
He was in private practice in Atlanta , Georgia from 1903 to 1914 , an Assistant Attorney General of the United States from 1914 to 1917 , a General counsel , Seaboard Air Line Company from 1917 to 1919 , and a general solicitor for the U.S. Railroad Administration from 1919 to 1920 .
On February 7 , 1931 , Underwood was nominated by President Herbert Hoover to a seat on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia vacated by Samuel H. Sibley .
" Warm and Beautiful " is a love ballad credited to Paul and Linda McCartney that was first released by Wings on their 1976 album Wings at the Speed of Sound .
In 1998 , after Linda 's death , Paul rearranged the song for string quartet to be played at memorial concerts for his late wife .
Clas Eriksson ( born February 20 , 1973 , in Karlstad , Sweden ) is a retired professional Swedish ice hockey player .
Eriksson 's son , Joel Eriksson Ek , currently plays within the Minnesota Wild organization of the National Hockey League and his younger son Olle was drafted by the Anaheim Ducks in the 2017 NHL Entry Draft .
The Bidet was a type of small horse from France , now extinct .
It was a landrace developed principally in the area around Brittany , Morvan , Auvergne , Poitou , and Burgundy .
Ragini ( Rageeni ) Nandwani ( born 4 September 1989 ) is an Indian film and television actress .
She became popular after playing the lead in the Hindi soap opera Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein ( 2011–12 ) .
Nandwani made her debut in the Tamil film industry with the action thriller film Thalaivaa ( 2013 ) , directed by A. L. Vijay .
She is currently working in a Marathi film Krupa Swaminchi .
She has done a Malayalam movie Peruchazhi , in which she appears as the female lead opposite to Mohanlal .
The University of Oxford is a collegiate research university in Oxford , England .
Sugarplum Fairy is a pop - rock band from Borlänge , Sweden .
The members took the name from a version of the Beatles ' song " A Day in the Life " where John Lennon counts the song in by saying " sugar - plum - fairy , sugar - plum - fairy " .
The band released several demos before being signed to EMI Records in 2004 , releasing the EP Stay Young to generally positive reviews .
Later they released their first single , " Sweet Jackie " , from their first full - length album " Young & Armed " released later that year ( September 29 , 2004 ) .
In 2006 they put out their second record , " First Round First Minute " .
The tower was largely destroyed by the Latin Crusaders during the Sack of Constantinople in 1204 , part of the Fourth Crusade , enabling them to enter the harbor and attack the city from the sea , where the walls were more easily scaled .
" The Walls Fell Down " is a second single by the English rock duo The Marbles , Lead vocals by Graham Bonnet it was released in March 1969 , and it was written and produced by Barry Gibb , Robin Gibb , Maurice Gibb , of the Bee Gees , and was also produced by Robert Stigwood , it was recorded as a follow - up to " Only One Woman " but did not repeat the success of the previous single .
" The Walls Fell Down " was recorded on 10 January 1969 with other Gibb brothers - penned tracks " Love You " and " Little Boy " .
AFN Bremerhaven was originally an " Armed Forces Radio and Television Service " ( AFRTS ) station .
The Bremerhaven affiliate station was located in northern Germany .
The station began operating just after World War II ended in Europe .
It was originally established in the north German city of Bremen in allied - occupied Germany as a small AM radio station with an AM repeater transmitter also broadcasting the station 's signal in Bremerhaven , Germany , a port city on the Weser River near the entrance to the North Sea located just north of Bremen .
Simon Davies is a British privacy advocate and academic based in London UK .
" Walk Away Renée " is a song written by Michael Brown , Bob Calilli , and Tony Sansone for the band the Left Banke , released as a single in July 1966 .
Brown got the idea for the flute solo from the Mamas & the Papas song " California Dreamin ' " which had been recorded in November 1965 but was n't a hit and in heavy rotation until early 1966 .
The Prime Minister of Albania ( ) , officially styled the Prime Minister of the Republic of Albania ( ) , is the head of government of the Republic of Albania and as well the most powerful and influential person in Albanian politics .
The Prime Minister holds the executive power of the nation and represents the Council of Ministers and chairs its meetings .
The 33rd and current officeholder is Edi Rama of the Socialist Party who was elected on 23 June 2013 and started his first four - year - term on 15 September 2013 .
The Old Dominion Lady Monarchs basketball team represents Old Dominion University in Norfolk , Virginia .
The team currently competes in the NCAA Division I as a member of Conference USA .
The ODU Monarchs women 's basketball team contributed to the initial rise in popularity of women 's intercollegiate basketball in the United States in the 1970s .
Women 's college basketball was organized under the auspices of the AIAW in the early 1970s , at a time when competitive power was distributed among small colleges that had established a niche ( such as Immaculata , Delta State , West Chester State , Wayland Baptist and Stephen F. Austin ) .
ODU , along with UCLA and Tennessee , among others , led the rise to prominence of large schools with national reputations to the top intercollegiate level , before the NCAA began sponsoring sports for women .
Carry on at Your Convenience , released in 1971 , is the 22nd in the series of Carry On films to be made , and was the first box office failure of the series .
Duets II is the 59th and last studio album by American singer Frank Sinatra .
Though not as commercially successful as Duets , it still rose to # 9 on the Billboard albums chart and sold over 1 million copies in the U.S.
Both were packaged together in a " 90th Birthday Limited Collector 's Edition " released in 2005 ; North American pressings add an unreleased duet recording of " My Way " with Willie Nelson , while international pressings have him singing with Luciano Pavarotti .
Tomasz Lis ( born March 6 , 1966 in Zielona Góra ) is a Polish journalist and former TV anchor of “ TVN Fakty ” ( " TVN Facts " ) and “ Wydarzenia ” ( " Events " ) .
ZGF Architects LLP ( ZGF ) , formerly Zimmer Gunsul Frasca Partnership , is an American architectural firm with offices in Portland , Oregon ; Seattle , Washington ; Los Angeles , California ; Washington D.C. ; New York , New York ; and Vancouver , Canada .
Founded in 1942 , the firm was listed in 2011 as the # 4 architectural firm in the United States by Building Design+Construction , and ranked the # 9 architectural firm by Architect .
Jean Kerléo ( born 24 February 1932 ) is a French perfumer who worked in - house of Jean Patou and is also the founder of the Osmothèque , a scent archive in Versailles .
Kerleo was born on 24 February 1932 in Brittany , France .
Oxhide ingots are metal slabs , usually of copper but sometimes of tin , produced and widely distributed during the Mediterranean Late Bronze Age ( LBA ) .
Complete or partial oxhide ingots have been discovered in Sardinia , Crete , Peloponnese , Cyprus , Cannatello in Sicily , Boğazköy in Turkey ( ancient Hattusa , the Hittite capital ) , Qantir in Egypt ( ancient Pi - Ramesses ) , and Sozopol in Bulgaria .
Archaeologists have recovered many oxhide ingots from two shipwrecks off the coast of Turkey ( one off Uluburun and one in Cape Gelidonya ) .
The Center Hall is a broad central hallway on the second floor of the White House , home of the President of the United States .
It runs east to west connecting the East Sitting Hall with the West Sitting Hall .
It allows access to the elevator vestibule , East and West Bedrooms , the Grand Staircase , Yellow Oval Room , the first family 's private living room , and the president 's bedroom .
Also in the room is a Louis XVI mahogany cylinder desk acquired for the Red Room during the administration of President John F. Kennedy .
A pair of bronze French Empire caryatid torchères from Château de Malmaison were originally acquired for the Blue Room by Kennedy decorator Stéphane Boudin .
The participation of Galicia Spain in World War II was marked by its location in front of behind the back of the Atlantic .
The extraction and transport of the mineral carried out it lid companies , as the Finance and Industrial Corporation ( Galician : Sociedade Financeira e Industrial ) .
Marina del Rey is an unincorporated seaside community in Los Angeles County , California , United States with a marina that is a major boating and water recreation destination of the Greater Los Angeles Area .
The marina is North America 's largest man - made small - craft harbor and is home to approximately 5,000 boats .
This Westside locale is approximately south of Santa Monica , and north of Los Angeles International Airport .
The harbor is owned by Los Angeles County and is operated by the County 's Department of Beaches and Harbors .
For statistical purposes , the United States Census Bureau has defined Marina del Rey as a census - designated place ( CDP ) .
FBOP Corporation was a financial services company based in Oak Park , Illinois , United States .
As of mid-2009 , it had $ 18.5 billion in assets and was the 46th largest bank holding company in the United States .
On October 30 , 2009 , FBOP 's banking subsidiaries were closed by their chartering agencies and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation was appointed as their receiver .
Isidore Mvouba ( born 1954 ) is a Congolese politician who was Prime Minister of Congo - Brazzaville from 2005 to 2009 .
He is a member of the Congolese Labour Party ( PCT , or Parti congolais du travail ) and held key positions under President Denis Sassou Nguesso beginning in 1997 .
He has been President of the National Assembly since 2017 .
The Treaty of Gyalu was an agreement between Holy Roman Emperor Ferdinand I and Isabella Jagiellon the queen dowager of the Eastern Hungarian Kingdom and the widow of John Zápolya , signed in Gyalu ( today Gilău , Romania ) by Gáspár Serédy captain of Upper Hungary and János Statileo bishop of Transylvania on December 29 , 1541 .
The participants tried to renegotiate John Sigismund Zápolya 's possessions in connection with the previous Treaty of Nagyvárad .
According to the treaty , Royal Hungary and the Eastern Hungarian Kingdom would have been re - united under Ferdinand 's rule , in case he had recaptured Buda .
The eastern territories of the former medieval Kingdom of Hungary ruled by King John Sigismund Zápolya were known as the Eastern Hungarian Kingdom until the Treaty of Speyer ( 1570 ) .
Jones was immortalized in the classic baseball book The Glory of Their Times by Lawrence Ritter .
Dysfunktional Family is mainly a concert performance featuring Eddie Griffin filmed live at the Star Plaza Theatre in Merrillville , Indiana that also includes behind - the - scenes documentary footage filmed in Kansas City , Missouri detailing the stand - up comedian 's personal life and family as he travels to a family reunion to reunite with the cast of characters who are the root of his comedy : his mother , an uncle who was an ex - pimp , and his Uncle Curtis , who pontificates on his career as a porno director .
The ACBL King or Queen of Bridge is a graduating high school senior annually designated by the American Contract Bridge League .
The King or Queen is the high school senior in North America ( US , Canada , Mexico , and Bermuda ) with the " best record in bridge " .
The King of Bridge was established in 1973 by Homer Shoop of Indiana as a prize for the high school senior with the greatest number of ACBL master points .
He is a Visiting Professor at INSEAD 's Asia campus , a blogger for the Harvard Business Review , and has contributed to the New York Times .
Later , during the 2009 global recession of world markets , Aggarwal was a prominent critic of the Fortress Asia theory which speculated that East Asian countries such as China and Japan would align to become a protectionist trade bloc averse to Western imports .
Umberto Smaila ( born 26 June 1950 ) is an Italian actor , composer , comedian , television personality , entrepreneur and musician .
Fate of Norns is the fifth full - length studio album by the Swedish death metal band Amon Amarth .
It was released on September 6 , 2004 through Metal Blade Records .
This album continued their slower , heavier sound which started on the previous album Versus the World .
Before Fate of Norns was officially released by Metal Blade , promo copies were distributed with CD - ROM extras including pictures , biographies , sheets and logos .
The latter includes a live bonus DVD , Amon Amarth Live at Grand Rokk , which features live recordings and three - camera footage of a live performance in Reykjavík , Iceland on March 5 , 2004 .
When asked to comment on the album , lead vocalist Johan Hegg , remarked :
Guitar Hero : Aerosmith is a music rhythm game developed by Neversoft , published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane .
The next entry ( Guitar Hero World Tour ) would introduce other roles to create a full band experience .
While Guitar Hero : Aerosmith maintains the same gameplay as past Guitar Hero games , it has received criticism for being shorter and easier than the previous Guitar Hero titles and difficult to justify its price point ; furthermore , with the game 's strong focus on one band , reviewers felt that the game 's ultimate enjoyment rested on the player 's appreciation and fandom for the music of Aerosmith .
Ocean County Vocational Technical School Performing Arts Academy or PAA for short is a specialized , public high school program which concentrates heavily on the fields of performing arts such as dance , vocal music , and theater , serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from all of Ocean County , New Jersey , United States .
Located in Lakehurst , it is the sister high school of the Marine Academy of Technology and Environmental Sciences , another full - time program that is also part of the Ocean County Vocational Technical School district .
The school is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools .
Baron Margadale , of Islay in the County of Argyll , is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .
It was created on 1 January 1965 for the Conservative politician John Morrison .
James Morrison , great - grandfather of the first Baron , was a Hampshire innkeeper 's son who became the greatest textile wholesaler in England and a prominent merchant banker .
He left circa £ 4 million in 1857 , the second largest non - landed fortune in Britain up to that time after Nathan Mayer Rothschild 's £ 5 million .
James 's son Charles Morrison continued in the same lines of business , and left £ 10.9 million in 1909 , which was the largest British estate for probate purposes up to that time .
He was probably the second richest man in Britain at his death , after the Duke of Westminster .
Charles Morrison 's nephew Hugh Morrison was the father of the first Baron Margadale .
The Honourable Sir Charles Morrison and the Honourable Sir Peter Morrison , younger sons of the first Baron , were both Conservative politicians .
The family seat is Fonthill House , near Fonthill Bishop , Wiltshire .
The music of Northeast China is influenced by the folk traditions of the Manchu and other ethnic groups in the region .
There is a great variety of music in the region , with the most well known throughout China possibly being the Youyouzha , a kind of lullaby that has spread throughout the country .
Prominent performers from the Northeast include the mid-20th - century film composer Lei Zhenbang and pop stars Xiao Ke and Na Ying .
Rahul Dev Burman ( 27 June 1939 – 4 January 1994 ) was an Indian music director who is regarded as one of the most influential composers of the Indian film industry .
Nicknamed Pancham , he was the only son of the composer Sachin Dev Burman .
He was mainly active in the Hindi film industry as a composer , and also provided vocals for a few compositions .
Burman did major work with Asha Bhosle ( his wife ) and Kishore Kumar and scored many of the songs that made these singers famous .
It Wo n't Be Soon Before Long is the second studio album by the American pop rock band Maroon 5 .
It was released in May 2007 by A&M ; Octone Records , as the follow - up to their debut album Songs About Jane ( 2002 ) .
The band embarked on the It Wo n't Be Soon Before Long Tour ( 2007 – 2008 ) to support of the album .
Humphrey the Bear is a cartoon character created by the Walt Disney studio in 1950 .
After that he appeared in four classic Donald Duck cartoons : Rugged Bear , Grin and Bear It , Bearly Asleep , and Beezy Bear .
Disney gave him his own series in 1955 , but only two films resulted ( Hooked Bear and In the Bag ) before Disney discontinued making theatrical short subjects .
When the shorts division closed , Humphrey was the last of only seven Disney characters who had been given a series of their own , starring in cartoons who opened with their own logo ( the six others were Mickey Mouse , Donald Duck , Goofy , Pluto , Chip ' n ' Dale ( counting as one ) , and Figaro ) .
St. James ' Gate Brewery ( ) is a brewery founded in 1759 in Dublin , Ireland , by Arthur Guinness .
The company is now a part of Diageo , a company formed from the merger of Guinness and Grand Metropolitan in 1997 .
The main product of the brewery is Guinness Draught .
Originally leased in 1759 to Arthur Guinness at IR£45 ( Irish pounds ) per year for 9,000 years , St. James ' Gate has been the home of Guinness ever since .
There is an attached exhibition on the 250-year - old history of Guinness , called the Guinness Storehouse .
Marie Gevers ( 30 December 1883 – 9 March 1975 ) was a Belgian novelist .
She was born in Edegem , near Antwerp .
Married in 1908 to Jan Frans Willems and mother of Paul Willems , she dedicated her entire life to her family .
Marie Gevers was the first woman to be elected to the Académie Royale de Langue et de Littérature Françaises de Belgique ( Royal Academy of French Language and Literature in Belgium ) in 1938 .
When Sigebert was assassinated he , possibly at the request of Brunhilda , took over the regency for Sigebert and Brunhilda 's son Childebert .
Grave Dwellers , is a term about a particular form of homelessness in Iran , in which unstable or poor people are intending to get rid of the cold , so they sleep inside the graves not in use yet , rather than cardboard boxes in public areas .
This phenomenon was first noted in 2016 with the report of Shahrvand Newspaper , mentioning about 50 grave dwellers in the cemetery of Nasirabad Shahriar , Tehran , and caused many reactions in the social networks and among the social celebrities .
Thalys ( French : ) is a French - Belgian high - speed train operator originally built around the LGV Nord high - speed line between Paris and Brussels .
Its system is managed by Thalys International ( SNCF ( 62 % ) , NMBS / SNCB ( 28 % ) , and Deutsche Bahn ( 10 % ) ) and operated by THI Factory ( SNCF ( 60 % ) , NMBS / SNCB ( 40 % ) ) .
Adandozan was a King of the Kingdom of Dahomey , in present - day Benin , from 1797 until 1818 .
His rule ended with a coup by his brother Ghezo who then erased Adandozan from the official history resulting in high uncertainty about many aspects of his life .
Adandozan took over from his father Agonglo in 1797 but was quite young at the time and so there was a regent in charge of the kingdom until 1804 .
Dealing with the economic depression that had defined the administrations of his father Agonglo and grandfather Kpengla , Adandozan tried to increase slave raiding , increase European trade , and when these failed reform the economy to focus on agriculture .
St. Thomas Church ( German : Thomaskirche ) is a Lutheran church in Leipzig , Germany .
It is associated with a number of well - known composers such as Richard Wagner and Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy , but mostly with Johann Sebastian Bach who worked here as a Kapellmeister ( music director ) from 1723 until his death in 1750 .
The Armitage River is a tributary of Chibougamau Lake , flowing in the town of Chibougamau , in Jamésie , in the administrative region of Nord - du - Québec , in the province of Quebec , in Canada .
The course of the river flows in the townships of Lemoine and Dollier .
The hydrographic slope of the " Armitage River " is accessible by the junction of a forest road serving the eastern side of Chibougamau Lake ; the latter is connected by the North to route 167 which also serves the south side of Waconichi Lake and the Waconichi River .
This last road comes from Chibougamau , going north - east to the south - eastern part of Mistassini Lake .
Sarah Hallam Douglass ( d. Philadelphia , 1773 ) was an English - born American stage actress and theatre director .
She was married to Lewis Hallam , with whom she travelled to America to perform in his company in 1752 .
This was the first permanent theater company in North America and thus had a pioneer role in the theater history of America .
Sarah Hallam Douglass , along with the other female members of the troupe , was thus among the first pioner professional actresses in North America .
The collection was published in the United Kingdom by Faber & Faber ( 1975 ) and in the United States by Harper & Row ( 1976 ) .
Google Sheets is a spreadsheet program included as part of a free , web - based software office suite offered by Google within its Google Drive service .
The service also includes Google Docs and Google Slides , a word processor and presentation program respectively .
Harold John Pye ( 27 November 1901 - 20 January 1986 ) was the son of William George Pye who , in 1896 , started a company called W G Pye which manufactured scientific and optical equipment .
Sasha Sokolov ( born Александр Всеволодович Соколов/Alexander Vsevolodovitch Sokolov on November 6 , 1943 , in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada ) is a paradoxical writer of Russian literature .
He became known worldwide in the 1970s after his first novel , A School for Fools , had been published in translation by Ardis Publishing ( Ann Arbor , Michigan ) in the US , and later reissued by Four Walls Eight Windows .
The National Palace is a palace in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
It is also known as the Jubilee Palace .
The palace was built in 1955 to mark the Silver Jubilee of His Imperial Majesty Emperor Haile Selassie .
However , the seat of government remained at the Imperial Palace .
The Ethiopian Government has announced its intention to build a new official presidential residence .
The Veleka ( , ) is a river in the very southeast of Bulgaria ( Burgas Province ) , as well as the very northeast of European Turkey .
It is 147   km long , of which 108   km in Bulgaria and 25   km in Turkey , and takes it sources from a number of Karst springs in the Turkish part of the Strandzha ( İstranca ) mountain to flow into the Black Sea at the Bulgarian village of Sinemorets .
Paranephrops is a genus of freshwater crayfish found only in New Zealand .
They are known as crayfish in New Zealand English and koura ( or kōura ) in Māori ( although both names are also used in New Zealand for the distantly related marine rock lobsters ) .
The two species are the northern koura , Paranephrops planifrons , found mainly in the North Island , but also in Marlborough , Nelson , and the West Coast of the South Island ; and the southern koura , Paranephrops zealandicus , found only in the eastern and southern of the South Island and on Stewart Island / Rakiura .
Walter Kohl ( born 16 July 1963 ) is a German financial analyst , businessman and author .
He is the elder of the two sons of the former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl and Hannelore Kohl , and the brother of Peter Kohl .
They have a son , Johannes Volkmann , who is active in politics for the CDU .
In 1993 , he obtained an MBA at INSEAD in France .
In 1999 , he founded a consulting firm with his father Helmut Kohl .
His second book Leben was du fühlst was published in 2013 .
He was born in La Spezia , Italy , the son of a shipyard worker .
The term culture industry ( ) was coined by the critical theorists Theodor Adorno ( 1903 – 1969 ) and Max Horkheimer ( 1895 – 1973 ) , and was presented as critical vocabulary in the chapter " The Culture Industry : Enlightenment as Mass Deception " , of the book Dialectic of Enlightenment ( 1944 ) , wherein they proposed that popular culture is akin to a factory producing standardized cultural goods — films , radio programmes , magazines , etc .— that are used to manipulate mass society into passivity .
In contrast , true psychological needs are freedom , creativity , and genuine happiness , which refer to an earlier demarcation of human needs , established by Herbert Marcuse .
( See Eros and Civilization , 1955 ) .
Pentti Pouttu , died 1597 in Turku , Sweden ( now Finland ) was a Finnish peasant from the province of Ostrobothnia .
He was one of the leaders of the 1596/97 peasant uprising , the Cudgel War .
He was the leader of the 200 men peasant army marching from Ostrobothnia to the province of Satakunta .
On 20 December 1596 , Pouttu and his men reached the Anola mansion in Ulvila .
Their intention was to persuade the colonel Axel Kurck to join the rebellions , but he stayed loyal to the king Sigismund III .
St Levan ( ) is a civil parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The parish is rural with a number of hamlets of varying size with Porthcurno probably being the best known .
Hewn out of the cliff at Minack Point and overlooking the sea to the Logan Rock is the open - air Minack Theatre , the inspiration of Rowena Cade in the early 1930s .
St Levan lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ( AONB ) and the South West Coast Path , which follows the coast of south - west England from Somerset to Dorset passes by on the cliffs .
There are two Sites of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) , designated for the vegetation and geology , and Gwennap Head in particular , is favoured by birdwatchers , many who travel the length and breadth of Britain to watch rare seabirds .
Wazirwola ( wazīrwāla , meaning " of the Wazirs " ) , or Waziri ( ) , is an east - central Pashto dialect spoken in North Waziristan , South Waziristan , Bannu and parts of Tank in Pakistan , and in certain adjacent districts of Paktika , Khost and Paktia provinces of Afghanistan .
The Wazir dialect is almost identical to the dialect spoken around Urgon ( eastern Paktika province ) and the Bannuchi dialect of Bannu , and somewhat resembles the dialect spoken by Khattaks in Karak .
A special feature of Waziri is that the phonemes [ ʃ ] and [ ʂ ] , along with their voiced counterparts , [ ʒ ] and [ ʐ ] , have merged into the phonemes [ ɕ ] and [ ʑ ] , both of which also exist in the nearby Ormuri language of Kaniguram , South Waziristan .
Night Over Water is a politically minded novel written by author Ken Follett and published by William Morrow in 1991 .
It was capable of crossing the Atlantic Ocean in little more than 24 hours with intermediate stops in Shannon Estuary at Foynes , Ireland , Bay of Exploits at Botwood , Newfoundland and Shediac Bay , Canada , at each of which stop Follett adds a scene or two of intrigue .
The traditional tenseness in relations had been due to disputes including the self annexation of the Hatay Province to Turkey in 1939 , water disputes resulting from the Southeastern Anatolia Project , and Syria 's support for the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( abbreviated as PKK ) and the now - dissolved Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia ( abbreviated as ASALA ) which has been recognised as a terrorist organisation by NATO , EU , and many other countries .
The Committee on Judicial Accountability ( CJA ) is a group of lawyers in India who work to improve the accountability of judges .
In 1998 the committee prepared a charge sheet to impeach Justice Madan Mohan Punchhi , and obtained the signatures of 25 Rajya Sabha MPs .
" The C Word " is the fourteenth episode of the first season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock .
It was written by series creator Tina Fey and directed by Adam Bernstein .
The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company ( NBC ) in the United States on February 15 , 2007 .
In the episode , after being criticized for her working habits by her co - workers , head writer Liz Lemon ( Fey ) decides to be more lenient with her writing staff .
Meanwhile , Jack Donaghy ( Alec Baldwin ) brings Tracy Jordan ( Tracy Morgan ) to a major golf event to get closer to Don Geiss ( Torn ) , the CEO of General Electric ( GE ) , but his plan backfires when Tracy decides to drop " truth bombs " .
The Facit catalog is a specialized postage stamp catalog for the countries of Scandinavia .
First published in 1947 , it is the most detailed and complete catalog available for philatelists interested in the stamps of Denmark , Faroes , Finland , Iceland , Norway , Sweden , Greenland , Åland , and the Danish West Indies .
The catalogs are published by Facit Förlag AB , located in Västerås , Sweden .
As a teenager he was a member of pop / rock band Point Break , and he has performed lead roles in shows in London 's West End , including the lead role , Guy , in the UK premier of Tony - winning Broadway musical Once at the Phoenix Theatre in London .
The Capital City Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians , which circles the Melbourne city centre and some inner eastern and northern suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
It is 29 km in length , and mostly consists of sections of other trails , such as the Merri Creek Trail , Main Yarra Trail , Moonee Ponds Creek Trail and Inner Circle Rail Trail .
A popular starting point for the trail is at Princes Bridge near Flinders Street Station .
The Capital City Trail uses the same path as the Main Yarra Trail up to Dights Falls , where it continues , using the same path as the Merri Creek Trail , as part of its loop around the city .
Sandy Hook is a barrier spit in Middletown Township , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
The barrier spit , approximately in length and varying from wide , is located at the north end of the Jersey Shore .
It encloses the southern entrance of Lower New York Bay south of New York City , protecting it from the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean to the east .
The Dutch called the area " Sant Hoek " , with the English " Hook " deriving from the Dutch " Hoek " ( corner , angle ) , meaning " spit of land " .
Most of Sandy Hook is currently owned and managed by the National Park Service as the Sandy Hook Unit of Gateway National Recreation Area .
The Middle Fork John Day River is a tributary of the North Fork John Day River in the U.S. state of Oregon .
It originates in the Blue Mountains of northeast Oregon in the Malheur National Forest near Austin and flows generally west to the North Fork about above Monument .
The Middle Fork drainage basin covers about .
The state lists a segment of the Middle Fork from about from the mouth to about from the mouth as a Scenic River Area and the lower as a Natural River Area .
Thank You , Jeeves is a Jeeves comic novel by P.G.
Wodehouse , first published in the United Kingdom on 16 March 1934 by Herbert Jenkins , London , and in the United States on 23 April 1934 by Little , Brown and Company , New York .
The story had previously been serialised , in the Strand Magazine in the UK from August 1933 to February 1934 , and in the US in Cosmopolitan Magazine from January to June 1934 .
Thank You , Jeeves is the first full - length novel in the series of stories following narrator Bertie Wooster and his valet Jeeves , though Jeeves leaves Bertie 's employment for most of this story .
The novel largely takes place around Chuffnell Hall , the home of Bertie 's friend Lord " Chuffy " Chuffnell , who hopes to sell the house to the wealthy J. Washburn Stoker and is in love with Stoker 's daughter Pauline .
Mozilla Composer is the free and open - source HTML editor and web authoring module of the Mozilla Application Suite ( the predecessor to SeaMonkey ) .
Daniel Glazman , the lead developer of Nvu , announced on September 15 , 2006 that he had stopped official development on Nvu and that he was developing a successor as a Mozilla.org project .
Glazman 's project is called BlueGriffon .
SeaMonkey , the community - driven successor to Mozilla Suite , includes an HTML editor named Composer that is developed from the Mozilla Composer code contained in the original Mozilla Suite .
Udawalawe National Park lies on the boundary of Sabaragamuwa and Uva Provinces , in Sri Lanka .
The national park was created to provide a sanctuary for wild animals displaced by the construction of the Udawalawe Reservoir on the Walawe River , as well as to protect the catchment of the reservoir .
The park is from Colombo .
Udawalawe is an important habitat for water birds and Sri Lankan elephants .
The Road to Ruin is a 1970 album released by husband and wife John and Beverley Martyn .
Island Records persuaded John Martyn to resume his solo career as they believed that the public was more interested in John as a solo artist rather than as part of a duo .
The album 's first track " Primrose Hill " written and sung by Beverley Martyn , and featuring Ray Warleigh on saxophone , about the simple joys of domesticity , was extensively sampled by Fatboy Slim for the track " North West Three " from his 2004 album Palookaville .
A seven - time Academy Award nominee , De Niro won two Oscars for playing Vito Corleone in The Godfather Part II ( 1974 ) and Jake LaMotta in Raging Bull ( 1980 ) .
In 2009 , he was among the five recipients of the Kennedy Center Honors , presented by 44th President of the United States Barack Obama .
The Life and Times of David Lloyd George is a BBC Wales drama serial broadcast in 1981 on the BBC1 network and which stars Philip Madoc , Lisabeth Miles , Kika Markham and David Markham .
It featured music by Ennio Morricone , including the theme music ( " Chi Mai " ) , which was a surprise hit in the UK charts , reaching number 2 .
The opening titles showed an elderly David Lloyd George walking through the Welsh countryside near Criccieth remembering his Uncle Lloyd baptising the young David George ( later Lloyd George ) in a mountain stream .
After the Karelo - Finnish SSR was incorporated into the Russian SFSR as the Karelian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in 1956 , Prokkonen was the Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Karelian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic ( 1956 – 1979 ) .
The Secretary - General of the Nordic Council is the head of the Nordic Council Secretariat , one of the principal organs of the Nordic Council .
The Secretary General together with the Council Secretariat prepares the business procedures which are then processed by the Nordic Council .
Morris Sheppard Arnold ( born October 8 , 1941 ) , sometimes known as Buzz Arnold , is a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit .
A Republican , he was appointed to the appeals court by U.S. President George Herbert Walker Bush .
For his first twelve years , until 2004 , he served on the court alongside his older brother , Richard S. Arnold , a Democrat appointed by President Jimmy Carter .
He served as judge on the United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review from 2008 to 2013 .
Lappkärret is a small lake in Norra Djurgården in north - eastern Stockholm , Sweden , near Stockholm University .
It is one of six lakes in Djurgården , the others being : Lillsjön , Uggleviken , Isbladskärret , Laduviken , and Spegeldammen .
Through its location in the Royal National City Park , it is considered as a lake of great recreational value , especially popular among ornithologists and frequently used in classes at the University of Stockholm located nearby .
In 1645 he became director of music to Charles Ferdinand Vasa , the brother of King Władysław IV .
Birgitte Einarsen is a Norwegian singer and musical theatre artist from Helgeroa in Larvik , Vestfold county .
" Poison Arrow " is a song by English new wave band ABC , released as the second single from their debut studio album , The Lexicon of Love ( 1982 ) .
The single was released in the United Kingdom on 5 February 1982 on 7 " and 12 " , with the same mix appearing on both formats ; however a subsequent U.S. 12 " remix ( also known as the " Jazz Remix " ) appears on several ABC compilations , and as a bonus track on reissues of The Lexicon of Love .
An alternate , lounge music styled version of this song , entitled " Theme from Mantrap " , was released as the B - side of " Poison Arrow " in the United Kingdom , and " The Look of Love " in the United States .
During the American Revolutionary War , he served in the Continental Army as a captain in the 2nd Georgia Regiment , and was captured at the Siege of Savannah in 1778 .
The son of Colonel Littleberry Mosby Sr . , he lived his entire life at Mosby Tavern in Cumberland County , Virginia / Powhatan County , Virginia , Powhatan County having been created from the eastern portion of Cumberland County in May 1777 .
The Balinese Room was a famous nightclub in Galveston , Texas , United States built on a pier stretching 600 feet ( 183   m ) from the Galveston Seawall over the waters of the Gulf of Mexico .
Amrut Rao ( c. 1770 - 1824 ) was a Maratha noble , and the adopted son of Peshwa Raghunath Rao .
Holkar also installed Amrut Rao 's son Vinayak Rao as the Peshwa to strengthen the legal status of his government , because Vinayak had been adopted by the widow of the deceased Peshwa Madhav Rao II .
Rice People ( ) is a 1994 Cambodian drama film directed and co - written by Rithy Panh .
Adapted from the 1966 novel ( No Harvest But a Thorn ) , by Malaysian author Shahnon Ahmad , which is set in the Malaysian state of Kedah , Rice People is the story of a rural family in post - Khmer Rouge Cambodia , struggling to bring in a single season 's rice crop .
It was filmed in the Cambodian village of Kamreang , in the Kien Svay and Boeung Thom areas of Kandal Province near Phnom Penh , on the banks of the Mekong River .
The film premiered in the main competition at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival and was submitted to the 67th Academy Awards , the first time a Cambodian film had been submitted as a possible nominee for Best Foreign Language Film .
Winfield is an incorporated village located in Milton and Winfield Townships , DuPage County , Illinois , United States .
Winfield is home to Central DuPage Hospital , one of the largest hospitals in the Chicago suburbs .
Winfield has a Metra station on the Union Pacific / West Line , which provides regular commuter rail service to Chicago .
Attractions adjacent to Winfield include the Forest Preserve District of DuPage County 's Kline Creek Farm , a living history farm located on the west side of County Farm Road between Geneva and St. Charles Roads ; and Cantigny , which includes public gardens , museums , golf courses , picnic grounds and hiking trails .
Residents from Mainland China , Hong Kong , and Macau ( i.e.
nationals of the People 's Republic of China ) are given separate resident certificates .
He was one of the earliest proponents of a citizen 's income or guaranteed minimum income , preceding even the " state bonus " scheme published by British Dennis Milner ( 1892–1956 ) in 1920 .
The Tudor Barn is a large brick barn in Eltham in the Royal Borough of Greenwich .
Edith Nesbit , author of The Railway Children and co - ounder of the Fabian Society , lived in a house in the grounds of the Tudor Barn from 1899 to 1921 .
William married Margaret More , the daughter of Thomas More , and one of the most learned women of sixteenth - century England .
Carl Linnaeus the Younger , Carl von Linné or Carolus Linnaeus the Younger ( 20 January 1741 – 1 November 1783 ) was a Swedish naturalist .
He is known as Linnaeus filius ( Latin for Linnaeus the son ; abbreviated to L.f . as a botanical authority ) to distinguish him from his famous father , the systematist Carl Linnaeus .
His best - known work is the Supplementum Plantarum systematis vegetabilium of 1781 , which contains botanical descriptions by the elder Linnaeus and his colleagues , edited and with additions by the son .
During her time at NYU ’s Tisch School of the Arts , her mentor Terry Southern offered to co - write a script that she had pitched in class and subsequently after their collaboration , encouraged her to apply to UCLA 's School of Theater Film & Television Department where she was accepted into the Masters Screenwriting Program .
Kina Konova ( ) ( Sevlievo , September 1872- Sofia , 2 May 1952 ) , born Kina Moutafova , was a Bulgarian educator , translator , publicist , suffragist and women 's rights activist .
The city was repeatedly attacked over the next four and one - half years by both the RAF and the 8th Air Force as it had a significant industrial infrastructure ( including the Daimler and Porsche automotive factories ) and several military bases , and was also a center of rail transportation in southwestern Germany .
Mawei (; Foochow Romanized : Mā - muōi ) is a district of Fuzhou , Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
Mawei District is located on the left ( northern ) shore of the Min River , between Fuzhou 's urban core and the coast of the East China Sea .
The district also includes Langqi Island formed by the two main branches of the Min River as it flows into the sea .
Mawei District is famous for its historical Mawei Navy Yard , with a modern shipyard operating on the site .
Qingzhou Bridge spans the river , connecting Mawei 's main urban center ( the Mawei Town / Luoxing Subdistrict area ) with Changle .
Storm tides of the North Sea are coastal floods associated with low pressure weather systems in the North Sea , the severity of which are affected by the shallowness of the sea and the orientation of the shoreline relative to the storm 's path , as well as the timing of tides .
The water level can rise to more than 5   metres ( 17   ft ) above the normal tide as a result of storm tides .
Northern Germany and Denmark are particularly susceptible to storm tides .
The coastline of the German Bight forms an L - shape facing northwest .
Also vulnerable are the United Kingdom and the Netherlands , where the sea shallows and is funnelled toward the English Channel .
Storm tides are a regular occurrence in the North Sea basin ; several form each year .
During one , the February flood of 1825 , the Danish coastline changed , as the North Jutlandic Island became separated from the Jutland Peninsula .
John Douglas Story ( 7 August 1869 in Edinburgh , Scotland – 2 February 1966 in Brisbane , Australia ) .
Also known as J. D. Story , he migrated to Brisbane , Queensland , Australia , with his parents , as a child , and attended Brisbane Grammar School and Brisbane Technical College .
Story was a prominent Queensland public servant who entered the Queensland Public Service and was Under - Secretary for the Department of Education between 1906 and 1920 .
Story worked for the establishment of the University of Queensland and was a government representative on the University senate .
The J. D. Story Administration Building at the University of Queensland and Brisbane 's Story Bridge were named in his honour .
James Manuel Costa , ComM ( born April 13 , 1952 ) is the U.S. Representative for , serving as a Democrat in Congress since his initial election in 2004 .
He previously served in the California State Assembly from 1978 until 1994 , and in the State Senate from 1994 until 2002 .
Costa is chair of the Blue Dog Coalition and ranking member of the United States House Agriculture Subcommittee on Rural Development , Research , Biotechnology , and Foreign Agriculture .
The Buchan Caves are a group of limestone caves that include the Royal Cave and the Fairy Cave , located south - west of , in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria .
The Buchan Cave Reserve has been transferred back to the Gunaikurnai Nation and is jointly managed with the state .
The limestone rock at Buchan was laid down during the Devonian period about 300   – 400 million years ago .
The Buchan Caves are located approximately east northeast ( or five hours ' drive ) from Melbourne , along the Princes Highway , north of Lakes Entrance .
The Folsom Complex is a name given by archaeologists to a specific Paleo - Indian archaeological culture that occupied much of central North America .
Numerous Paleoindian cultures occupied North America , with some restricted to the Great Plains and Great Lakes of the modern United States of America and Canada as well as adjacent areas to the west and south west .
The type site is Folsom Site , near Folsom , New Mexico , in Colfax County ( 29CX1 ) , a marsh - side kill site found in about 1908 by George McJunkin , a cowboy and former slave who had lived in Texas as a child .
The Lindenmeier Site in Colorado is a campsite that was used throughout a longer period , spanning this era .
GOST 28147 was a Soviet alternative to the United States standard algorithm , DES Thus , the two are very similar in structure .
The Royal School is a public mixed Grammar school located in Dungannon , County Tyrone , Northern Ireland .
Originally set up in Mountjoy near Lough Neagh in 1614 , it moved to its present location in 1636 .
It has four ' sister ' schools , The Royal School , Armagh in Armagh , County Armagh , The Portora Royal School in Enniskillen , County Fermanagh , The Cavan Royal School in County Cavan , and The Royal and Prior School in Raphoe , County Donegal .
Sheila Cecelia Escovedo ( born December 12 , 1957 ) better known under the stage name Sheila E. , is an American percussionist , singer , author , and actress .
After leaving the group in 1983 , Sheila began a successful solo career , starting with her critically acclaimed debut album , which included the career - defining song , " The Glamorous Life " .
She became a mainstream solo star in 1985 following the success of the singles , " The Belle of St. Mark " , " Sister Fate " , and " A Love Bizarre " with the last becoming one of her signature songs .
The Prince Charles Mountains are a major group of mountains in Mac .
Robertson Land in Antarctica , including the Athos Range , the Porthos Range , and the Aramis Range .
The highest peak is Mount Menzies ( 3228 m ) .
Other prominent peaks are Mount Izabelle and Mount Stinear ( 1950 m ) .
These mountains together with other scattered peaks form an arc about 260 miles long , extending from the vicinity of Mount Starlight in the north to Goodspeed Nunataks in the south .
They were named by ANCA in 1956 for Prince Charles , the eldest son and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II .
Gambir is a subdistrict of Central Jakarta , Indonesia .
Gambir Subdistrict is the location of many political and administrative center of Jakarta and Indonesia .
The Merdeka Palace ( the presidential palace of Indonesia ) , the National Museum and the Merdeka Square ( the location of the National Monument ) are located in Gambir .
Gambir is bounded by the Flood Canal ( ) to the west , the river Ciliwung to the east , KH Zainul Arifin and Sukarjo Wiryopranoto Road to the north , and Kebon Sirih Raya Road to the south .
The City Hall of Central Jakarta is located in Petojo Selatan , Gambir District .
One of the busiest railway station of Jakarta , Gambir Station , is located in Gambir , Gambir District .
Kaaterskill High Peak ( officially just High Peak ) is one of the Catskill Mountains , located in the Town of Hunter in Greene County , New York , United States .
It was once believed to be the highest peak in the entire range , but its summit , at 3,655 feet ( 1,114 m ) in elevation , places it only 23rd among the Catskill High Peaks .
Along with Round Top to the west , its distinctive ridgeline is a visual signature of the Catskills .
Even today , it dominates the view of the range from the Hudson Valley .
Their works helped establish the Catskill Mountain House and other hotels around North - South Lake as the fashionable summer vacation spot for wealthy Americans of the era .
However , a well - used path does exist , and perhaps because of the light use the mountain gets it is very popular with the area 's serious hikers , due to the views available from Hurricane Ledge south of the summit , and several other points of interest in the vicinity of the mountain .
Other countries often use second - level domains for this purpose , e.g. , mod.uk for the United Kingdom 's Ministry of Defence .
Canada uses norad.mil with the United States as they jointly operate the North American Aerospace Defense Command .
Despite having a dedicated top - level domain , the US military also uses com domains for some of its recruitment sites , such as goarmy.com , as well as for the Defense Commissary Agency 's website www.commissaries.com and most non - appropriated fund instrumentalities such as military MWR organizations and military exchanges .
Active since 2000 , she is currently signed to Sacred Bones Records and Bella Union , and released her seventh full - length studio album , Strangers , in May 2016 .
Released after a few months , he led the unexpected reconquest of Constantinople from the Latin Empire in July 1261 , restoring the Byzantine Empire .
The Big Drift is in Glacier National Park , in the U.S. state of Montana and is an area along the Going - to - the - Sun Road where a large amount of winter snow can accumulate to depths of .
Located immediately east of Logan Pass , the westerly winds push snow over the crest of the Continental Divide onto the eastern flank of a long arête which extends south from Pollock Mountain .
West of the divide , this arête is known as the Garden Wall .
As spring approaches , the region is surveyed by helicopter in preparation for snow removal that will be needed in order to reopen the Going - to - the - Sun Road for the summer season .
By early April , snow removal crews working from either end of the roadway have begun to ascend the steeper east and west slopes of the Lewis Range .
Jerzy Kłoczowski ( 29 December 1924 , Bogdany , Poland – 2 December 2017 ) was a Polish historian , professor at the John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin , and former member of the Polish Senate .
During World War II , Kłoczowski was a soldier of the Home Army ( Armia Krajowa ) and participated in the Warsaw Uprising , where he was seriously injured and lost his right hand .
On leaving the military hospital in April 1945 , he went to Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań and then to Nicolaus Copernicus University in Toruń , where he earned a degree and a Ph.D. ( 1950 ) .
Member of the anti - communist Solidarity movement – after the fall of communism in Poland , Kłoczowski was elected Senator and member of the Commission for Foreign Affairs of the Senate , as well as the representative of the Polish Parliament at the Council of Europe .
Pa'l Mundo ( ) is the fifth studio album by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel , released on November 8 , 2005 by Machete Music .
The album includes the singles , " Rakata , " " Llamé Pa ' Verte ( Bailando Sexy ) , " and " Noche de Sexo " , each of which were Top 5 hits on the U.S.
The Forbidden Fruit ( , romanized as Mive - ye mamnooe or Mive mamnooe ) is an Iranian drama television series created for the channel IRIB TV2 .
It was filmed in Tehran , Iran .
The Disquieting Muses ( in , 1916 , 1917 or 1918 ) is a painting by the Italian metaphysical painter Giorgio de Chirico .
The Disquieting Muses was painted during World War I , when De Chirico was in Ferrara .
This painting would later become an inspiration for Sylvia Plath 's poem " The Disquieting Muses " .
and for the second poem in Mark Strand 's " Two de Chiricos " from his Pulitzer Prize collection , Blizzard of One .
In Pakistan , it is the majority language of the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the northern districts of Balochistan .
Viking Aircraft Inc. was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Panama City Beach , Florida .
The company specialized in the design and manufacture of powered parachutes in the form of ready - to - fly aircraft in the US FAR 103 Ultralight Vehicles and the European Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight categories .
Sogndal Airport , Haukåsen (; ) is a regional airport serving Sogndal , Norway .
It is situated at Haukåsen , from Kaupanger and from Sogndalsfjøra .
It serves the Sogn district .
Services are provided by Widerøe on public service obligation with the Ministry of Transport and Communications .
The airport is owned and operated by the state - owned Avinor and served 70,244 passengers in 2014 .
The airport opened on 1 July 1971 along with three other regional airports in Sogn og Fjordane and Sunnmøre .
The Tuen Ma line ( ) is a Hong Kong MTR railway line due to open in 2019 .
The Greek mafia is the colloquial term used to refer to various organized crime elements originating from Greece .
Indigenous organized criminal groups are well - entrenched in the largest Greek urban centers , particularly in Athens .
Notable ethnic Greek or Greek - American organized crime groups in the United States include the Philadelphia Greek Mob in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and the Velentzas crime family in New York City .
" Ka ' du se hva ' jeg sa ' ? "
( " Can you see , ( that 's ) what I told you ?
" , literally : " Do you see what I said ? " )
was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988 , performed in Danish by Kirsten & Søren ( a duo who had previously entered as Hot Eyes ) .
László Zarándi ( born 10 June 1929 ) was a Hungarian athlete who mainly competed in the 100 metres .
He was born in Kiskunfélegyháza .
Since 1950 he has been elected in the national team of Hungary for 4 x 100 meters relay .
He competed for Hungary at the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki , Finland where he won the bronze medal in the men 's 4 x 100 metre relay with his team mates Géza Varasdi , György Csányi and Béla Goldoványi .
WXCW , virtual channel 46 ( UHF digital channel 45 ) , is a CW - affiliated television station serving Fort Myers , Florida , United States that is licensed to Naples ( as such , WXCW is one of two Fort Myers - based stations that is licensed to Naples , alongside ABC affiliate WZVN - TV ) .
The two stations share studios on Palm Beach Boulevard ( SR 80 ) in northeast Fort Myers ; WXCW 's transmitter is located near the Charlotte and Lee County line .
The Philadelphia Liberty FC is a North American professional soccer team based in West Chester , Pennsylvania , United States .
Founded in 2006 , the team plays in Women 's Premier Soccer League ( WPSL ) , a national amateur league at the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid .
The Liberty 's home is John A. Farrell Stadium , located on the campus of West Chester University in the Philadelphia suburb of West Chester , where they have played since 2006 .
The team is owned by Team Dynamics LLC , a highly successful organization dedicated to soccer education and player development at all age levels , which also operates the Atlantic City Diablos and Central Delaware SA Future .
Vasiliev Nini ( born 1954 in Gjirokastra , Albania ) is an Albanian - born American sculptor who lives in Columbus , Ohio .
In 1979 , he graduated with distinction from the Academy of Arts , Branch of Monumental Sculpture , in Tirana , Albania .
Since 2 July 2007 , he has lived in United States .
He worked at the Zoological Institute in Leningrad , then Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Herrsching am Ammersee is a municipality in Upper Bavaria , Germany , on the east shore of the Ammersee , southwest of Munich .
Situated at one terminus of the Munich S - Bahn line , the village is popular with travellers for its water - sports and as the starting point of trips to the Benedictine Andechs Abbey .
Herrsching is also a stop for touring steamships of the Bavarian Seenschiffahrt or lake fleet .
Mind Changer is a 1998 science fiction book by Northern Irish author James White , part of his Sector General series .
Publishers Weekly described Mind Changer as " White 's finest performance , replete with wit , originality , medical expertise and sheer decency " and commented that the series shows no signs of aging , and Booklist described the book as an " enjoyable , witty resumé " of Chief Psychologist O'Mara 's career .
Todd Richmond wrote that the Sector General series declined after Star Healer ( 1985 ) , hitting a low point with The Galactic Gourmet ( 1996 ) , and that the later books tended to stretch a short story 's worth of content to the length of a novel .
The thick line policy ( Polish : gruba kreska , thick stroke , or gruba linia , thick line ) was the term used by prime minister of Poland , Tadeusz Mazowiecki , in his first parliamentary speech in Sejm , in 1989 .
Daniel Ellison ( February 14 , 1886 – August 20 , 1960 ) was a U.S. Representative from Maryland .
He attended the public schools of Baltimore , Maryland , and graduated from Johns Hopkins University in 1907 and from the University of Maryland School of Law of Baltimore in 1909 .
Ellison was elected as a Republican to the Seventy - eighth Congress ( January 3 , 1943 – January 3 , 1945 ) , but was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1944 to the Seventy - ninth Congress .
" Paparazzi " is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her debut studio album , The Fame ( 2008 ) .
It was released as the album 's fifth and final single by Interscope Records .
Although released on July 6 , 2009 , in the United Kingdom and four days later in Australia , " LoveGame " initially had been planned as the third single release in the former but deeming its lyrics and music video potentially controversial , it was decided that " Paparazzi " would be released instead .
It was also commercially successful , reaching top - ten positions in the music charts of Australia , Canada , Ireland , the United Kingdom , and the United States and topping the charts in the Czech Republic and Germany .
On the first leg of The Monster Ball Tour , she appeared as a Rapunzel - like character ; from the second leg onward , she performed the song alongside a giant anglerfish ( " The Fame Monster " ) who , attempting to devour her , was killed after her leotard shot sparks into the creature .
" Death Disco " is a song by Public Image Ltd.
The record was released in both 7 " and 12 " single formats with a " ½ Mix " of the song and " Megga mix " ( an instrumental re - recording of " Fodderstompf " from ) on the 12 " version .
The song was released in an alternative version as " Swan Lake " on the group 's second album , Metal Box , with slight changes at the end .
The Liberal Popular Alliance ( ) , whose full name was Liberal Popular Alliance – Autonomies ( Alleanza Liberalpopolare – Autonomie , ALA ) , was a centrist and liberal political party in Italy .
ALA members are known as Verdiniani , from the name of their leader Denis Verdini , who was formerly a long - time member and national coordinator of three successive centre - right parties led by Silvio Berlusconi ( Forza Italia , The People of Freedom and Forza Italia ) until July 2015 , when he broke with Berlusconi in order to support the government led by Matteo Renzi , leader of the centre - left Democratic Party .
The Los Angeles Kiss ( stylized as LA KISS ) were a professional arena football team based in Anaheim , California , and members of the Arena Football League ( AFL ) .
The team played its home games at the Honda Center in nearby Anaheim , which they shared with the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League .
Dorothea Christiane Erxleben née Leporin ( 13 November 1715 , Quedlinburg – 13 June 1762 in Quedlinburg ) was the first female medical doctor in Germany .
It is now part of the permanent collection of the Smithsonian 's National Museum of American History and an inductee into the National Toy Hall of Fame .
Scenery Hill , called Hillsborough before April 10 , 1867 , is an unincorporated community in North Bethlehem Township in Washington County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The village is located along U.S. Route 40 which is also known as the National Pike or National Road .
It was the first east - west highway constructed in the U.S. Each year a large festival is held along the road in May stretching from parts of Maryland into Ohio .
Many of the residential and commercial buildings in the community are part of the Scenery Hill Historic District , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Upper Klamath Lake ( sometimes called Klamath Lake ) ( Klamath : ? ews , " lake " ) is a large , shallow freshwater lake east of the Cascade Range in south - central Oregon in the United States .
The largest body of fresh water by surface area in Oregon , it is approximately long and wide and extends northwest from the city of Klamath Falls .
The lake 's water has been used to support the federal Klamath Project for irrigation by local farmers for a century .
Upper Klamath Lake is fed by a watershed of including the Williamson and Wood Rivers , and is drained by the Klamath River ( known here as the Link River ) , which issues from the south end of the lake .
The lake is connected by a short channel to the smaller Agency Lake to the north .
The Upper Klamath National Wildlife Refuge has been established on land along the northern edge of the lake to preserve natural habitat .
PortsToronto ( PT ) , formerly known as the Toronto Port Authority ( TPA ) , is responsible for the management of the harbour of Toronto , Ontario , Canada and the Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport .
It is a federally - incorporated agency , with directors appointed by three levels of government : the Government of Canada , through the Minister of Transport , Government of Ontario and the City of Toronto .
The organization is the successor to the Toronto Harbour Commission ( THC ) which had managed Toronto Harbour since 1911 , paid for through government transfers , harbour and airport fees .
In contrast , the cruise ship facility has been little - used after the failure of a ferry to Rochester , New York .
The TPA 's efforts in partnership with Porter to expand the airport has placed it in opposition to various communities in Toronto and Toronto City Council , which in 2003 cancelled a TPA - planned bridge to the airport .
Forgotten Freshness is a rarities album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse .
In 1998 , the group released Forgotten Freshness Volumes 1 & 2 .
" Ghetto Zone " , " Life At Risk " , and " Ask You Somethin " were not featured on the re - release , with " Ask You Somethin " appearing on no other release .
The edits of " Southwest Strangla " and " 3 Ring " are also exclusive to this compilation , the former featuring an intro that would later become part of " 12 " from the Riddle Box album and the latter featuring an answering machine message .
Märchen Awakens Romance , officially abbreviated as , is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nobuyuki Anzai .
VIZ Media has acquired the North American rights to both the MÄR manga and anime and aired a dubbed version of the series , first on Toonami Jetstream , an online service from Cartoon Network , and then on the network itself , as part of the Toonami programming block .
The Ingeniero Ballester Dam is a dam on the Neuquén River , in the Argentine Patagonia .
The Ballester Bridge over the dam is long and wide .
National Route 151 crosses over it from Río Negro to the province of Neuquén .
Russian opera ( Russian : Ру́сская о́пера Rússkaya ópera ) is the art of opera in Russia .
He fought on Iwo Jima during World War II and was awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Battle of Chosin Reservoir during the Korean War .
Paul Carl Kocher ( born June 11 , 1973 ) is an American cryptographer and cryptography consultant , currently the president and chief scientist of Cryptography Research , Inc.
Kocher was elected to the U.S. National Academy of Engineering in 2009 for his contributions to cryptography and Internet security .
The first game , named Star Soldier , appeared on the MSX and NES in 1986 , and the series has continued on various gaming systems .
Star Soldier itself has received enhanced remakes for both the GameCube and PlayStation 2 in 2003 , and a different remake for the PlayStation Portable in 2005 , while the latest installment of the series was released on the Wii as a WiiWare game in 2008 .
In addition , Super Star Soldier , Final Soldier , Soldier Blade and Star Parodier have been re - released on the Wii 's Virtual Console and on the Japanese PC Engine 's Best Collection lineup for the PSP .
Konami began releasing Star Soldier games in 2012 with the release of Star Soldier for GREE as a Japan - only release for iOS .
Auisle or Óisle ( or ; died c. 867 ) was a Viking leader in Ireland and Scotland in the mid - late ninth century .
He was the son of the king of Lochlann , identified in the non - contemporary Fragmentary Annals of Ireland as Gofraid , and brother of Amlaíb Conung and Ímar , the latter of whom founded the Uí Ímair dynasty , and whose descendants would go on to dominate the Irish Sea region for several centuries .
Another Viking leader , Halfdan Ragnarsson , is sometimes considered a brother .
The Irish Annals title Auisle , Ímar and Amlaíb " kings of the foreigners " .
According to the later Fragmentary Annals his brothers Amlaíb and Ímar plotted his death , with Amlaíb striking the killing blow .
David Livingstone is a broadcaster for Sky Sports in the UK .
He joined BSkyB at its formation in early 1990 , and with the subsequent merger with Sky Sports later that year found himself being a reporter on live football matches as Sky won its first Premier League contract in 1992 .
The best known representatives of this group are from South America ( Brazil , Argentina ) , where they were first discovered in the 1960s .
A nearly complete skeleton of Herrerasaurus ischigulastensis was discovered in the Ischigualasto Formation in San Juan , Argentina , in 1988 .
After graduating as a bachelor of political science he went to Finnish Broadcasting Company .
In the mid-1960s , he was sent to the United States as the first Washington correspondent of the Finnish Broadcasting Company , until he moved to the diplomatic service in 1970 .
Rutanen was an Ambassador from 1984 to 1987 in Manila and served as Deputy Director General of the Development Cooperation Department in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs between 1987 and 1989 , as a negotiating officer from 1989 to 1991 , Ambassador to Bangkok in years 1984 – 1986 Finland 's ambassador to the OECD delegation in Paris 1991 – 1997 and Ambassador in Beijing 1997–2001
The Coalition Avenir Québec ( CAQ ; , " Coalition for Quebec 's Future " ) is a centre - right Quebec nationalist and autonomist provincial political party in Quebec , Canada .
It was founded by former Parti Québécois ( PQ ) cabinet minister François Legault and businessman Charles Sirois ; Legault also serves as the party leader .
Not long after its formation , the party gained nine sitting Members of the National Assembly of Quebec ( MNAs ) who had been elected as members of the PQ and of the Action démocratique du Québec ( ADQ ) ; the ADQ later merged with the CAQ in January 2012 .
The party is registered with the Director - General of Elections in Quebec under the name Coalition Avenir Québec – L'équipe François Legault ( Coalition Avenir Quebec – Team François Legault ) .
On 1 October 2018 the CAQ won a majority of seats in the National Assembly of Quebec .
The Chevette employed General Motors ' global T platform .
Worldwide , GM manufactured and marketed more than 7 million T - cars — rebadged variants using the T platform — including the Pontiac Acadian in Canada , Pontiac T1000/1000 in the United States ( 1981 - 1987 ) , K-180 in Argentina , Vauxhall Chevette , Opel Kadett , Isuzu Gemini , Holden Gemini , and as a coupe utility ( pickup ) , the Chevy 500 .
Some dual - boot systems , such as NTLDR ( the boot loader for all releases of Microsoft 's Windows NT - derived operating systems up to and including Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 ) , take copies of the bootstrap code that individual operating systems install into a single partition 's VBR and store them in disc files , loading the relevant VBR content from file after the boot loader has asked the user which operating system to bootstrap .
" Poor Boy ( The Greenwood ) " is a song written by Jeff Lynne and the Electric Light Orchestra ( ELO ) .
The song is track number 5 from their 1974 album Eldorado and tells the story of the Dreamer on the hill fantasising he is one of Robin Hood 's merry men , forming the fourth dream .
It was released as the second single A - side from Eldorado in The Netherlands , but failed to chart .
The song was used as the B - side for " Telephone Line " in the US , and in the UK the song was joined with " King of the Universe " on the flip side .
The version performed on their concert film , " Fusion – Live in London " uses the last couple of seconds , 2:27 - 2:57 , reprise of " Eldorado Overture " , as used for the ending of side 1 of the album .
West Aceh Regency is a regency ( ) in the Aceh special region of Indonesia .
It is located on the island of Sumatra .
The regency currently covers an area of 2,927.95 square kilometres and according to the 2010 census had a population of 173,558 ; the latest estimate ( as at 2014 ) is 182,721 .
These figures include the city of Meulaboh , which was the seat of the regency government until 8 July 2013 when it was separated out as an independent city .
Some of the people of the regency are Minangkabau - descended Aneuk Jamee .
Marquess of Carisbrooke was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .
It was created in 1917 for Prince Alexander of Battenberg , eldest son of Princess Beatrice of the United Kingdom ( youngest daughter of Queen Victoria ) and Prince Henry of Battenberg .
He was made Viscount Launceston , in the County of Cornwall , and Earl of Berkhamsted at the same time , also in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .
Along with other German - surnamed relations of the British Royal family , Alexander also changed his surname at this time , to Mountbatten .
The titles became extinct upon Lord Carisbrooke 's death in 1960 , as he had no sons .
Carisbrooke Castle was the residence of Prince Henry and Princess Beatrice as Governor of the Isle of Wight .
The title of Marquess of Berkhampstead had previously been conferred with the Dukedom of Cumberland on Prince William Augustus , son of King George II , in 1726 .
The title of Viscount Launceston had previously been conferred with the Dukedom of Edinburgh on Prince Frederick Louis , later Prince of Wales , also in 1726 .
Qiu Xiaolong ( , ; born Shanghai , China , 1953 )
is an English - language poet , literary translator , crime novelist , critic , and academic , who has lived for many years in St. Louis , Missouri .
He has published nine crime - thriller / mystery novels set in Shanghai in the 1990s at the point when the People 's Republic of China is making momentous changes .
These include Death of a Red Heroine , which won the Anthony Award for best first novel in 2001 , and A Loyal Character Dancer .
But the main concern in the books is modern China itself .
Best Wishes is the second album by New York hardcore band , Cro - Mags .
It was released on April 26 , 1989 on Profile Records and was subsequently re - released on Another Planet – along with their debut album , The Age Of Quarrel , on the same disc .
However , before this , in 1992 , their next album , Alpha Omega , saw the return of John Joseph to the Cro - Mags fold , and an even further gravitation towards a metal sound .
Australia 's involvement in the Vietnam War began with a small commitment of 30 military advisors in 1962 , and increased over the following decade to a peak of 7,672 Australian personnel following the Menzies Government 's April 1965 decision to upgrade its military commitment to South Vietnam 's security .
The withdrawal of Australia 's forces from South Vietnam began in November 1970 , under the Gorton Government , when 8 RAR completed its tour of duty and was not replaced .
The RATP Group ( French : Groupe RATP ) , also known as the Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens ( English : Autonomous Operator of Parisian Transports ) , is a state - owned public transport operator and maintainer headquartered in Paris , France .
Its logo represents , in a stylized version , the Seine 's meandering through the Paris area as the face of a person looking up .
Today , RATP is still responsible for most of the public transport in Paris , the rest of the Île - de - France region , including the Paris Métro , tram and bus services and part of the Réseau Express Régional ( RER ) network .
Mandalselva or Mandalsåni or Marna ( English : Mandal River , Old Norse : Mǫrn ) is a river in Vest - Agder county in Norway .
The river has its origins in the mountains between Ose in Setesdal in Aust - Agder county and the Upper Sirdal valley in Vest - Agder county .
The river flows south to its mouth at the North Sea at the town of Mandal .
The river is long and flows through the municipalities Åseral , Audnedal , Marnardal , and Mandal .
The largest tributaries are Monn , Logna , Skjerka , Kosåna , Logåna , and Røyselandsbekken .
Skjerka , Monn and Logna all flow into the lake Øre in Åseral which is considered the beginning of the main Mandalselva river .
The river passes through the villages of Kylland , Bjelland , Laudal , Heddeland , Øyslebø , and Krossen .
Prince John of the United Kingdom ( John Charles Francis ; 12 July 1905 – 18 January 1919 ) was the fifth son and youngest of the six children born to King George V and his wife , Queen Mary .
At the time of John 's birth , his father was the Prince of Wales and heir apparent to the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom , King Edward VII .
In 1910 , George succeeded to the throne upon Edward 's death and John became the fifth in line of succession .
He studied composition under professor Józef Świder 's at The Karol Szymanowski Academy of Music in Katowice .
He is professor at the University of Silesia and at the Academy of Music in Katowice .
Queen Fu ( 苻王后 , personal name unknown ) was a queen of the Chinese / Xianbei state Western Qin .
Her husband was Qifu Gangui ( King Wuyuan ) .
She was a younger sister of the Former Qin emperor Fu Deng ( Emperor Gao ) , and he created her Princess Dongping .
In 394 , with his forces having been nearly wiped out by the rival Later Qin 's emperor Yao Xing , Fu Deng sought aid from Western Qin , and as part of the agreement , married her to Qifu Gangui .
Subsequently , Qifu Gangui , notwithstanding the marital relations , expelled Fu Deng 's son and successor Fu Chong , who then tried to attack Qifu Gangui but was defeated and killed in battle , ending Former Qin .
Camp Shorabak ( formerly Camp Bastion ) is a former British Army airbase , located northwest of the city of Lashkar Gah in Helmand Province , Afghanistan , until 27 October 2014 when the British Army handed over control to the Afghan Ministry of Defense .
The base has barracks for the Afghan National Army .
Between 2005 and October 2014 it was the logistics hub for International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) operations in Helmand during the War in Afghanistan and Operation Herrick , and it was capable of accommodating over 32,000 people .
Shorabak contains the Afghan National Army ( ANA ) camp ( also called Camp Shorabak ) , and also held Camp Leatherneck until 2014 .
The New Pass Range is a mountain range in Lander and Churchill counties of Nevada .
Carlos Alberto Guajardo Romero ( c. 1973 – November 5 , 2010 ) was a Mexican journalist and crime reporter who worked for the Expreso de Matamoros local newspaper in the border city of Matamoros , Tamaulipas .
While covering a shootout between drug traffickers of the Gulf Cartel and the Mexican Army in the streets of Matamoros on 5 November 2010 , Guajardo Romero was caught in the crossfire and killed .
Guajardo Romero had left home earlier that day to cover the military - led operation targeting Antonio Cárdenas Guillén , one of Mexico 's most - wanted drug lords , who was killed that afternoon .
Patricia Stephens Due ( December 9 , 1939 – February 7 , 2012 ) was one of the leading African - American civil rights activists in the United States , especially in her home state of Florida .
Along with her sister Priscilla and others trained in nonviolent protest by CORE , Due spent 49 days in one of the nation 's first jail - ins , refusing to pay a fine for sitting in a Woolworth 's " White only " lunch counter in Tallahassee , Florida in 1960 .
She served in many leadership roles in CORE and the NAACP , fighting against segregated stores , buses , theaters , schools , restaurants , and hotels , protesting unjust laws , and leading one of the most dangerous voter registration efforts in the country in northern Florida in the 1960s .
Angélica Vale ( born Angélica María Vale Hartman ; November 11 , 1975 ) is a Mexican - American actress , singer , and comedian known also as the daughter of Angélica María , " La Novia de Mexico " ( Mexico 's Sweetheart ) , and as the daughter of comedian Raúl Vale .
Eijsden railway station ( Edn ) is the railway station of Eijsden , Limburg , the Netherlands .
The station , which is the southernmost railway station in the Netherlands , opened on November 24 , 1861 , and was closed between December 10 , 2006 and December 11 , 2011 .
The railway station is located on the railway line between Liège - Guillemins ( Belgium ) and Maastricht ( Netherlands ) .
A new busline was opened between Maastricht and the railway station in Visé ( Belgium ) to serve Eijsden .
Joseph Contreras was born in about 1710 , n Granada , Spain , hence his commonly used nickname ' el Granadino ' .
He worked in Madrid from about 1745 , as violin maker and repairer to the Spanish Court .
Slava ( " Glory " ) was a pre - dreadnought battleship of the Imperial Russian Navy , the last of the five s. Commissioned too late to participate in the Battle of Tsushima during the Russo - Japanese War , she survived while all of her sister ships were either sunk during the battle or surrendered to the Imperial Japanese Navy .
Serving in the Baltic Sea during World War I , Slava was the largest ship of the Russian Gulf of Riga Squadron that fought the German High Seas Fleet in the Battle of the Gulf of Riga in August 1915 .
Roland Harvey was born in Melbourne , Victoria and continues to live there .
The BPF Party ( or PBNF ) , is a political party in Belarus .
It was de - facto established after the split of the social movement Belarusian Popular Front or BPF ( or БНФ ( ) in 1999 .
The Belarusian Popular Front was founded during the Perestroika era by members of the Belarusian intelligentsia , including Vasil Bykaŭ .
These virtues derive initially from Plato 's scheme , discussed in Republic Book IV , 426 – 435 ( and see Protagoras 330b , which also includes piety ( hosiotes ) ) .
Soldiers of Egypt ( Ajnad Misr in Arabic ) is an active Salafist Islamist militant group that has been operating near Cairo , Egypt .
Roger Le Geyt Hetherington ( 1908 – 1990 ) was a British civil engineer .
Hetherington was born in London on 20 December 1908 , the eldest son of Sir Roger Gaskell Hetherington and his wife Honoria Ford .
Roberto Fernandez Canuto ( born April 13 , 1973 in Gijon ) is a Spanish film director and screenwriter .
He belongs to a new generation of filmmakers from Spain with learning or working experiences internationally and with multicultural influences .
Freaky Styley is the second studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers , released on August 16 , 1985 on EMI Records .
Freaky Styley marks founding guitarist Hillel Slovak 's studio album debut , following his return to the band earlier in the year .
The album is also the last to feature drummer Cliff Martinez .
" Jungle Man " and " Hollywood ( Africa ) " were released as the album 's two singles while " Catholic School Girls Rule " and " Jungle Man " both had music videos made for the songs .
Returning to France , he produced sculptures for the park of Rambouillet and the Hall of Mirrors at the Palace of Versailles .
From 1721 to 1738 , Frémin worked in Madrid , where King Philip V of Spain commissioned the decoration of the Royal Palace of La Granja de San Ildefonso .
Sunday Best was a reality television Gospel music singing competition series which aired on BET .
Each season , the show and its judges had set out to find the best undiscovered gospel talent in America .
The judges of the competition were Gospel singers Yolanda Adams , Kierra Sheard , Donnie McClurkin , Mary Mary , Bebe Winans & Cece Winans .
Gospel singer Kim Burrell served as the on - screen mentor , and the program was hosted by Kirk Franklin .
Season one runner up Shari Addison also scored a recording contract , as well as season two runner up Jessica Reedy although her contract was not rewarded from the show .
The winner of the 5th season was Joshua Rogers from Greeleyville , South Carolina .
Newmarket is a market town in the English county of Suffolk , approximately 65 miles ( 105 kilometres ) north of London .
It is a major local business cluster , with annual investment rivalling that of the Cambridge Science Park , the other major cluster in the region .
It is the largest racehorse training centre in Britain , the largest racehorse breeding centre in the country , home to most major British horseracing institutions , and a key global centre for horse health .
Two Classic races , and an additional three British Champions Series races are held at Newmarket every year .
Newmarket has over fifty horse training stables , two large racetracks , the Rowley Mile and the July Course , and one of the most extensive and prestigious horse training grounds in the world .
Palace House , the National Heritage Centre for Horseracing and Sporting Art , the National Horseracing Museum , Tattersalls racehorse auctioneers , and two of the world 's foremost equine hospitals for horse health , are in the town , which is surrounded by over sixty horse breeding studs .
The Culture of Sweden has long been known for the accomplishments of a wide variety of artists .
Prehistoric Sweden was the source of Viking culture , dominant in all of Scandinavia for hundreds of years , and the Temple at Uppsala in Sweden was a site of pilgrimage for Scandinavian peoples worshipping the Aesir .
Automotive designs such as those of Volvo and Saab have also been widely known .
She is currently an Assistant Professor of Music Composition and Theory at Linfield College in McMinnville , Oregon .
After completing her education , she took a position teaching composition , theory and technology at Bowling Green State University in Ohio .
Tajik or Tajiki ( Tajik : забо́ни тоҷикӣ́ , zaboni tojikī ) , also called Tajiki Persian ( Tajik : форси́и тоҷикӣ́ , forsii tojikī , ) , is the variety of Persian spoken in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan .
Since the beginning of the twentieth century and collapse of the Soviet Union , Tajik has been considered by a number of writers and researchers to be a variety of Persian ( Halimov 1974 : 30–31 , Oafforov 1979 : 33 ) .
The popularity of this conception of Tajik as a variety of Persian was such that , during the period in which Tajik intellectuals were trying to establish Tajik as a language separate from Persian , Sadriddin Ayni , who was a prominent intellectual and educator , had to make a statement that Tajik was not a bastardized dialect of Persian .
Today Tajik is recognized as a dialect of the Persian language .
Tajik is the official language of Tajikistan .
In Afghanistan ( where Tajik people make up a large part of the population ) , this language is less influenced by Turkic languages , is called Dari , and has co - official language status .
Tajik has diverged from Persian as spoken in Afghanistan and Iran due to political borders , geographical isolation , the standardization process , and the influence of Russian and neighboring Turkic languages .
Tajik also retains numerous archaic elements in its vocabulary , pronunciation , and grammar that have been lost elsewhere in the Persophone world , in part due to its relative isolation in the mountains of Central Asia .
The Carolina Thunderbirds were a professional ice hockey team located in Winston - Salem , North Carolina , United States .
The Thunderbirds played their home games at the old Winston - Salem Memorial Coliseum before the arena was demolished in 1989 .
The seven ill years was a period of national famine in Scotland in the 1690s .
During this period , starvation probably killed 5–15 per cent of the Scottish population , but in areas like Aberdeenshire death rates reached 25 per cent .
It led to migration between parishes and emigration to England , Europe , the Americas and particularly Ireland .
Located Ellicott City in Howard County , Maryland , United States , Keewaydin Farm .
The Keewaydin Farm house is a wooden structure forming an off - center T arrangement built in 1912 on a ten - acre farm .
The home was built for Judge James Clark and his wife Alda Tyson Hopkins .
The house became the first meeting site for the Ellicott City PTA , Howard County Health Department .
Riegel is older half - sibling to actress Eden Riegel and screenwriter / voice - actor Sam Riegel .
He was Chief Rabbi of Kraków , Poland after serving as Chief Rabbi of Mattersdorf .
He was the second son of Rabbi Moshe Sofer ( Chassam Sofer ) of Pressburg .
As president of the Orthodox Jewish party Machzikei HaDas , Sofer was a member of the Polenklub at the Reichsrat under the Austria - Hungary monarch Franz Joseph I.
Gideon Koren M.D. , FACMT , FRCP(C ) (; born 1947 in Tel Aviv , Mandatory Palestine ( now in Israel ) is an Israeli - Canadian pediatrician , clinical pharmacologist , toxicologist , and a composer of Israeli popular music .
The Green Party of Quebec (; PVQ ) is a Quebec political party whose platform is the promotion of green values .
Nominated as party leader on September 21 , 2013 and then aged 25 , he became the youngest party leader of Quebec and Canada .
William Edward Dodd ( October 21 , 1869 – February 9 , 1940 ) was an American historian , author and diplomat .
A liberal Democrat , he served as the United States Ambassador to Germany from 1933 to 1937 during the Nazi era .
Initially a holder of the slightly Antisemitic notions of his times , he went to Germany with instructions from President Franklin D. Roosevelt to do what he could to protest Nazi treatment of Jews in Germany " unofficially , " while also attempting to follow official State Department instructions to maintain cordial official diplomatic relations .
The Stuttgart Congress of the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) was held between October 3–October 8 , 1898 , in Stuttgart , Kingdom of Württemberg ( now Germany ) .
Packer Park is a neighborhood in the South Philadelphia section of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States that originally included 1,000 homes built in two unique builder developments of Packer Park 1950s and Brinton Estates 1990s .
The original footprint community is also one of four adjacent communities that form Philadelphia 's Sports Complex Special Services District .
The approximate boundaries are Packer Avenue to the north , Hartranft Street to the south including FDR Park farther south , Broad Street to the east known as the Southern Parkway and I-76 to the far west .
Packer Park has been considered home to one of the most organized community groups in the South Philadelphia region .
EBA Clearing is a provider of pan - European payment infrastructure wholly owned by shareholders that consist of major European banks .
It owns and operates major payment infrastructure in Europe for Euro payments between banks .
The organisation is based in Paris and has representative offices in Brussels , Frankfurt and Milan .
The South Point Local School District is a local school district serving the village of South Point and nearby areas at the southern point of Lawrence County , the most southerly county in the U.S. state of Ohio .
Four schools are operated by the district : the South Point High School , the South Point Middle School , the South Point Elementary School , and the Burlington Elementary School .
Beginning in March 2004 , the district embarked on a project to construct all new school buildings , including demolishing certain buildings : the location of the old middle and high schools is the location of the new South Point Elementary School , while the location of the new Burlington Elementary School is the same as that of the old .
In 2010 , it was selected for preservation by the United States Library of Congress 's National Film Registry .
Haps Magazine , also known as " HAPS " , is an English online magazine located in Busan , South Korea that focuses on lifestyle , entertainment and expat life on the Korean peninsula .
Editor - in - Chief Bobby McGill 's report on K - pop singer   Psy 's past anti - American actions saw numerous international media outlets including TIME , The Washington Post and the New York Post help break the story which made the " Gangnam Style " legend apologize for his actions .
KMEX - DT , virtual and UHF digital channel 34 , is a Univision owned - and - operated television station licensed to Los Angeles , California , United States , serving as the West Coast flagship station of the Spanish - language network .
The two stations share studios on Center Drive ( near I-405 ) in West Los Angeles ; KMEX 's transmitter is located atop Mount Wilson .
" Lily of the Valley " is a song by British rock band Queen .
It was originally featured on Queen 's third album , Sheer Heart Attack , released in 1974 , and is one of the album 's few ballads .
In 1975 , " Lily of the Valley " was released as the B - side of different singles in the U.K. and the United States .
The U.K. single was " Now I 'm Here " , and the U.S. single was a reissue of " Keep Yourself Alive " .
The lyrics refer back to a song from a previous album , " Seven Seas of Rhye " from Queen II , with the line " messenger from Seven Seas has flown , to tell the King of Rhye he 's lost his throne . "
El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico , commonly known as El Gran Combo , is a Puerto Rican salsa orchestra based in San Juan , Puerto Rico .
Celebrating its 50th anniversary in 2012 , it is Puerto Rico 's most successful musical group , and is considered " the most popular Salsa group that has ever existed " .
The is a Tokyu skyscraper and retail complex completed in 2012 and located in the Shibuya shopping district of Tokyo , Japan .
The Hikarie is 183 meters tall .
As of November 2013 , it was tied for being the 52nd tallest skyscraper in Japan and 40th tallest building in Tokyo .
Although it does not yet have the same cultural significance as the 109 Building , it is a prime retail and office destination .
Slow Life is an EP by the Welsh alternative rock band Super Furry Animals , released in 2004 .
The EP was made available as a free download and also saw a limited CD release , bundled with remix album Phantom Phorce .
Lead track " Slow Life " appeared on the 2003 album Phantom Power and was originally composed as a purely electronic song by keyboardist Cian Ciaran several years earlier .
The track " Motherfokker " is a collaboration between the Super Furry Animals and rap group Goldie Lookin Chain .
The Super Furries appeared in the 2004 film 9 Songs playing " Slow Life " live during a scene in which one of the characters attends a gig by the band at the Brixton Academy .
Michelle LaVallee is a Canadian curator , artist , and educator of Ojibway ancestry and a member of the Nawash Band in Cape Croker , Ontario .
She has BFA ( 2000 ) and BEd ( 2004 ) degrees from York University in Toronto , Ontario .
Her most recent degree is an MA in Art History and Curatorial Studies from the University of Regina in Regina , Saskatchewan , with a special focus on the complex , contextual , and interactive nature of Aboriginal curatorial practices in the development of curatorial and art historical research models .
She has been working as a curator at the MacKenzie Art Gallery in Regina , Saskatchewan since 2007 .
Bradley B. Meeker ( March 13 , 1813 – February 20 , 1873 ) was an American jurist , lawyer , and businessman .
Meeker served on the Minnesota Territorial Supreme Court from 1849 to 1853 .
Meeker was a charter member of the Minnesota Historical Society and also served on the University of Minnesota Board of Regents .
Meeker served on the Minnesota Constitutional Convention of 1857 .
Meeker owned land on the Mississippi River including Meeker Island .
Meeker County , Minnesota was named after Meeker .
Kusići ( Cyrillic : Кусићи ) was formerly a subvillage ( ) of the village Jezera , Teslić , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
After the collapse and dissolution of Yugoslavia and during the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1992 to 1995 , reportedly all its inhabitants left their homes and moved mostly to Vojvodina , Serbia .
The border between the two Bosnian " entities , " i.e.
the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Republika Srpska , runs through the village Jezera .
Jezera 's Orthodox Christian Kusići population left their homes ; the area 's borders have been redrawn and the village is now under the jurisdiction of the Zenica municipality , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
World Wide Live is a live album by German rock band Scorpions released in 1985 .
Sports Arena , San Diego , CA , USA ( 4/26/84 )
The Forum , Los Angeles , CA , USA ( 4/24/84 & 4/25/84 )
Pacific Amphitheatre , Costa Mesa , CA , USA ( 4/28/84 )
Bercy , Paris , France ( 2/29/84 )
Sporthalle , Cologne , West Germany ( 11/17/84 )
The initial CD release featured 15 tracks ( dropping " Another Piece of Meat " , " Six - String Sting " and " Ca n't Get Enough " , parts 1 & 2 , due to time constraints ) , but the remastered edition of 1997 features the original album in full .
The Willamette Falls Locks are a lock system on the Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Located in the Portland metropolitan area , the four inter - connected locks are 25 miles upriver from the Columbia River at West Linn , just across the Willamette River from Oregon City .
Some documentation for it occurs in picaresque works as early as the Spanish Golden Century , such as in Quevedo 's El Buscón .
Monte San Martino is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche , located about south of Ancona and about south of Macerata .
Khirbet Khizeh ( or Hirbet Hizeh or Hirbet Hizah , Hebrew : חִרְבֶּת חִזְעָה ) is a historical fiction novel by Israeli writer S. Yizhar which was published in 1949 , and deals with the expulsion of the fictional village of Khirbet Hiz'ah , practically representing a depiction of all Arab villages whose inhabitants were expelled during the Israeli war of independence in 1948 , events which are known as the " Nakba " .
The story was later made into a 1978 TV drama on Israeli Channel 1 produced by Ram Loevy , and sparked a public debate in Israel on whether it should be broadcast or not .
He was a daring adventurer throughout the Middle East , but had little success in converting the fierce Nestorians , whom he considered among the " ten lost tribes " of Israel .
" Seed " is the third season premiere of the post - apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead , which aired on AMC in the United States and in Canada on October 14 , 2012 .
The episode was written by showrunner Glen Mazzara and directed by Ernest Dickerson .
It is set eight months after the second season finale and focuses on Rick Grimes ( Andrew Lincoln ) and his group of survivors ' discovering and entering the prison complex shown on the previous episode .
Meanwhile , Michonne ( Danai Gurira ) cares for an ailing Andrea ( Laurie Holden ) .
Federation was scheduled to occur on 1 January 1901 , but since the general election for the first Parliament of Australia was not to be held until March , it was not possible to follow the conventions of the Westminster system and appoint the leader of the majority in the House of Representatives as Prime Minister .
Hopetoun had little knowledge of the Australian political scene and had no formal instructions from the Colonial Office .
On 19 December , following the precedent of the Canadian Confederation , Hopetoun commissioned the Premier of the most populous colony to form a government .
That state was New South Wales , and its premier was Sir William Lyne .
This was a controversial choice as Lyne had become premier in September 1899 only after the government of the more popular and experienced George Reid had lost its majority in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly .
Al Anbar Governorate (; muḥāfaẓat al-’Anbār ) , or Anbar Province , is the largest governorate in Iraq by area .
The provincial capital is Ramadi ; other important cities include Fallujah and Haditha .
In early 2014 , the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant , with the assistance of local Sunni militia , launched a successful campaign to seize control of the province from the Iraqi government .
Numerous offensive actions were undertaken by the Iraqi government to remove ISIL 's occupation of the province – the Anbar campaign ( 2015 – 16 ) , the Western Anbar offensive ( September 2017 ) and the 2017 Western Iraq campaign .
Panic Spring is a novel by Lawrence Durrell , published in 1937 by Faber and Faber in Britain and Covici - Friede in the United States under the pseudonym Charles Norden .
Lower Templestowe has been renamed Templestowe Lower for some reason .
It is a suburb of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , 14   km north - east of Melbourne 's Central Business District .
Its local government area is the City of Manningham .
It is home to primary schools and a secondary school ; Templestowe Secondary College .
Sergey Sergeyevich Kamenev (; April 4 ( 16 ) , 1881 – August 25 , 1936 ) was a Soviet military leader with the Komandarm 1st rank .
In July 1919 , Kamenev replaced Jukums Vācietis as Commander - in - chief of the Red Army during the Russian Civil War .
Kamenev was a member of the Revolutionary Military Council of the USSR from April 1924 to May 1927 .
Drusus Claudius Nero I ( 105 BC - unknown date in 1st century BC ) was a member of the Roman Republican Claudian Family of Rome .
He was a descendant of the first named Tiberius Claudius Nero , one of the sons of Appius Claudius Caecus the censor .
Drusus with his wife had a son called Tiberius Claudius Nero ( c. 85 - 33 BC ) and a daughter called Claudia who married the prefect , Quintus Volusius .
Evelyn Lett , ( Oct. 17 , 1896 – March 26 , 1999 ) was a Canadian women 's rights pioneer .
Born Evelyn Story in Wawanesa , Manitoba , she moved with her family to Vancouver , British Columbia in 1910 .
She was married to Sherwood Lett , a Canadian soldier , lawyer , diplomat , and jurist .
" The Light In Our Soul " , an up - tempo ballad , was the second single from the album My Number One by 2005 Eurovision winner Helena Paparizou .
and " Let 's Get Wild , " but it was " My Number One " that was chosen .
Paparizou herself stated during a concert in Chicago Illinois that " The Light in Our Soul " was leaked on the internet , and the song was therefore disqualified from the Eurovision preselection .
Fàn Chun Yip ( born 1 May 1976 in Hong Kong ) , with the nickname " Piggy"(豬仔 ; ) , is a retired goalkeeper and goalkeeping coach for Hong Kong Pegasus FC , was in the squad of the Hong Kong national football team as a captain , and now has been promoted to become a goalkeeping coach of the national team .
Widely considered one of the best goalkeepers in Asia , he was voted the Hong Kong Footballer of the Year in the 2003/2004 season .
Air Force F-86 Sabre jets took control of the skies , as American fighter pilots bested Soviet - built MiG-15 fighters in combat against aircraft , Soviet tactics , and , on some occasions , Soviet pilots of the Soviet 64th Fighter Aviation Corps .
First of a lineage of distinguished humanists and educators , he was the uncle of André de Gouveia , António de Gouveia , Diogo de Gouveia " the younger " , and Marcial de Gouveia .
Gabrielle Colonna - Romano ( 1888 – 1981 ) or Colanna Romano ( name as a cinema actress ) , born Gabrielle Dreyfus , was a French actress , famous as a tragedian , sociétaire of the Comédie - Française from 1913 to 1936 , and as a student of Sarah Bernhardt .
She had an affair with Pierre Renoir , and modelled for several paintings by his father Auguste Renoir , notably Jeune femme à la rose ( 1913 ) .
She was the sixth and final wife of the millionaire press - magnate Alfred Edwards , and after his death married the actor Pierre Alcover .
Dawuntna Delant ( " Dewunt and Delant " ) was one of the 105 woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia .
Part of the Semien Wollo Zone , Dawuntna Delant was bordered on the south by the Checheho River which separated it from the Debub Wollo Zone , on the west by the Debub Gondar Zone , on the north by Wadla , and on the east by Guba Lafto .
The deep valley of the Zhit'a river , which runs through Wadla and along part of the northern border , effectively isolates much of Dawuntna Delant from the rest of Semien Wollo .
This woreda was named after two historical districts , Dawunt to the east and Delanta to the west .
The major town in Dawuntna Delant was Wegeltena .
Accor S.A. , using the brand name AccorHotels , is a French multinational hospitality company that owns , manages and franchises hotels , resorts , and vacation properties .
The group is headquartered in Paris , Issy - les - Moulineaux , Évry and Courcouronnes .
Its total capacity is approximately 570,000 rooms , with about 25 % in France .
AccorHotels has a wide portfolio of 26 marques covering different segments of the hotel market .
It includes luxury brands such as Raffles , Fairmont , Sofitel , Novotel and Pullman .
In the budget range , Ibis and Formule 1 are its major subsidiaries , while its midrange offer includes Swissôtel , Mercure and Adagio .
John Keller Griffith ( October 16 , 1882 – September 25 , 1942 ) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Louisiana 's 6th congressional district .
Born in Baton Rouge , he earned a college degree from Louisiana State University and then his Doctor of Medicine degree from Tulane University in New Orleans .
In 1936 , Griffith was elected as a Democrat to the first of two terms in Congress , having unseated Jared Y. Sanders , Jr. , of Baton Rouge in the primary .
A similar situation occurs in the United States , where the governmental culture in and around Washington DC is sometimes known as the Washington Bubble or more often Inside the Beltway .
More recently , in Scotland , there has been a development of a " Holyrood bubble " , as the Scottish Parliament is in the Holyrood district of Edinburgh .
" Someday " is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey from her self - titled debut studio album ( 1990 ) .
Prior to Carey signing a record contract , she and producer Ben Margulies had written and produced a four - track demo which included " Someday " .
After signing a contract with Columbia Records , Carey began work on her debut album and she reached out to Ric Wake to ask if he would produce the song , to which he agreed .
" Someday " was released as the album 's third single on November 15 , 1990 , in the United Kingdom and was released the following month in the United States with multiple remixes .
The song was a critical and commercial success , being described as an album highlight and becoming Carey 's third consecutive number - one single on the US Billboard Hot 100 .
" Someday " was subsequently included on many of Carey 's compilation albums and greatest hits releases , including # 1 's ( 1998 ) , Greatest Hits ( 2001 ) , The Essential Mariah Carey ( 2011 ) and # 1 to Infinity ( 2015 ) .
Mary Elizabeth Anania Edwards ( July 3 , 1949 – December 7 , 2010 ) was an American attorney , a best - selling author and a health care activist .
She was married to John Edwards , the former U.S.
Senator from North Carolina who was the 2004 United States Democratic vice - presidential nominee .
David Hollister ( born April 3 , 1942 ) served as the mayor of Lansing , Michigan from 1993 to 2003 , until he resigned to be the director of the Michigan Department of Labor and Economic Growth under Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm 's administration .
During his tenure as mayor , he was instrumental in convincing General Motors Corporation to build the Grand River Assembly Plant downtown , and to build a new plant in the region to replace the Lansing Car Assembly Plant which dated back to 1903 .
Also under his tenure came the completion of Cooley Law School Stadium , the stadium for the Lansing Lugnuts , a Class A minor league baseball team .
Hollister was born In Kalamazoo and raised in Battle Creek , Michigan , where he graduated from Battle Creek Central High School .
He earned bachelor 's and master 's degrees from Michigan State University .
From 1967 to 1970 he was a social studies teacher at Lansing Eastern High School .
Prior to becoming mayor , he served in the Michigan House of Representatives from 1973 - 1993 representing the City of Lansing .
In 2005 he was recruited to run Prima Civitas , an economic development organization funded by Michigan State University and the city governments of Lansing and East Lansing , Michigan .
Bolgatty Palace is a former palace built by the Dutch in India on Bolgatty Island in Kochi , Kerala .
John Cunningham Knowles ( October 15 , 1894 – August 31 , 1977 ) was a political figure in Saskatchewan .
He represented Wilkie in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1938 to 1944 as a Liberal .
He was born in Severn Bridge , Ontario , the son of Robert Knowles and Mary Elizabeth Cunningham , and educated in Ufford and at Northern Business College in Owen Sound .
Ernie was chosen as reserve in the Scottish team for the World Cup qualifiers in 1957 , and travelled to Basle ( Switzerland ) , Stuttgart ( Germany ) , and Madrid ( Spain ) , but did not play .
Atlantic Marine was an American shipbuilding and construction company .
It operated two shipyards , one in Mobile , Alabama and the original corporate location , a smaller one in Jacksonville , Florida where its headquarters was located .
It was acquired by BAE Systems in May 2010 for $ 352   million .
BAE Systems renamed the former company BAE Systems Southeast Shipyards , a division of BAE Systems Inc.
and later he presented his paintings in València , London , Paris , Lyon , Madrid , San Francisco , New York , Miami , Los Angeles , Chicago , Japan ( Marugame Hirai Museum ) .
Environmentally , Colombia is a mega - diverse country from its natural land terrain to its biological wildlife .
It is the fourth largest South American country and only country in South America to have coasts in the Pacific and Caribbean ocean .
Colombia ’s terrain can be divided into six main natural zones : The Caribbean , the Pacific ( including Choco ’s Biogeographic rainforest ) , The Orinoco region , The Amazonia region , the Andean region , and the Insular region .
52.2 % of the environment is predominately the Andes , Amazon , and Pacific Basins , followed by the Orinoco basin 13.9 % , the Andes and the Caribbean .
The Imam Bukhari Jamaat ( , also Katibat Imam al Bukhari ) is an Islamist Salafi group fighting in the Syrian Civil War and the War in Afghanistan , composed of primarily Uzbeks , and expressing loyalty to the Taliban movement .
The group originally operated only in Syria , where it is allied with other jihadist organisations such as al - Nusra Front and Ahrar ash - Sham , and alongside these other groups it makes up the Army of Conquest , which overran much of Idlib province in north Syria in 2015 .
The group is named after Imam Bukhari , a 9th - century Islamic scholar who was from Bukhara in modern - day Uzbekistan .
" Magic Carpet Ride " is a rock song written by John Kay and Rushton Moreve from the Canadian - American hard rock band Steppenwolf .
The song was initially released in 1968 on the album The Second .
The track appeared on their reunion album On the Strength .
Görece is a village in the Menderes district of Izmir Province , Turkey .
The masters who practised their arts at Araphan and Kemeraltı , districts of İzmir , were exiled due to the smoke emissions from their furnaces and fire risks to the neighbourhood .
Born in Skopje , he played his club football for FK Vardar , Radnički Beograd and OFK Beograd in Yugoslavia , and then with FC Sion of Switzerland .
In 1967 , he moved to the USA to join the Los Angeles Toros of the National Professional Soccer League , making 20 appearances that season .
He started the 1968 season with the relocated successor team San Diego Toros in the newly formed NASL , before moving to St. Louis Stars .
Bemidji ( ) is a city in Beltrami County ( and county seat ) , in north west Minnesota , United States .
According to the 2012 – 2016 American Community Survey 5-year estimates , the United States Census Bureau estimates the total population of Bemidji as of 2016 to be 14,664 , making it the largest commercial center between Grand Forks , North Dakota and Duluth , Minnesota .
Bemidji houses many Native American services , including the Indian Health Service .
The city is the central hub of the Red Lake Indian Reservation , White Earth Indian Reservation and the Leech Lake Indian Reservation .
Bemidji is also the self - proclaimed " curling capital " of the U.S. and alleged birthplace of Paul Bunyan .
" My Favourite Game " is an alternative rock song written by Peter Svensson and Nina Persson for The Cardigans ' 1998 album Gran Turismo .
The song is the album 's eighth track , and was released as its first single .
It also charted within the top 40 in European countries like Ireland , France , the Netherlands and New Zealand .
Estimates of casualties of the Vietnam War vary widely .
A number of incidents occurred during the war in which civilians were deliberately targeted or killed .
The best - known are the Massacre at Huế and the My Lai massacre .
The Great Depression in the United Kingdom , also known as the Great Slump , was a period of national economic downturn in the 1930s , which had its origins in the global Great Depression .
It was Britain 's largest and most profound economic depression of the 20th century .
Particularly hardest hit by economic problems were the industrial and mining areas in the north of England , Scotland , Northern Ireland and Wales .
" Bad Little Boy " is the eleventh episode of the fifth season of the American animated television series Adventure Time .
The episode was written and storyboarded by Cole Sanchez and Rebecca Sugar , from a story by Sugar , Patrick McHale , Adam Muto , Kent Osborne , and series creator Pendleton Ward .
The show follows the adventures of Finn ( Jeremy Shada ) , a human boy , and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake ( John DiMaggio ) , a dog with magical powers to change shape and grow and shrink at will .
In this episode , Marceline ( Olivia Olson ) tells the Ice King ( Tom Kenny ) a fan fiction involving her genderswapped form Marshall Lee ( Donald Glover ) .
It serves as a sequel to the third season episode " Fionna and Cake " , and sees the return of characters Fionna ( Madeleine Martin ) and Cake ( Roz Ryan ) , genderswapped forms of Finn and Jake .
George Redburn Young ( November 6 , 1946 October 22 , 2017 ) was an Australian musician , songwriter and record producer .
He was a founding member of the bands the Easybeats and Flash and the Pan , and was one - half of the songwriting and production duo Vanda & Young with his long - time musical collaborator Harry Vanda .
Born in Scotland , Young moved to Australia with his family as a teenager , and became a naturalised citizen .
He was a member of the 1960s Australian rock band the Easybeats , and co - wrote with bandmate Harry Vanda the international hits " Friday on My Mind " and " Love Is in the Air " , the latter recorded by John Paul Young ( who is unrelated ) .
Vanda and Young were also the producers of early work by the Australian hard rock band AC / DC , formed by his younger brothers Malcolm and Angus Young .
R Adams Cowley ( July 25 , 1917 – October 27 , 1991 ) was an American surgeon considered a pioneer in emergency medicine and the treatment of shock trauma .
Called the " Father of Trauma Medicine " , he was the founder of the United States ' first trauma center at the University of Maryland in 1958 , after the US Army awarded him $ 100,000 to study shock in people — the first award of its kind in the United States .
He also founded the nation 's first statewide EMS system , called MIEMSS by Executive Order of Maryland 's Governor Mandel , 1972 , as well as the National Study Center for Trauma and EMS , enacted by Congress in 1986 and signed into law by President Ronald Reagan .
On club level she played for Roskilde Håndbold in Denmark , and University of Sydney in Australia .
A Charlie Brown Christmas is a 1965 animated television special based on the comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz .
In the special , lead character Charlie Brown finds himself depressed despite the onset of the cheerful holiday season .
After Linus tells Charlie Brown about the true meaning of Christmas , Charlie Brown cheers up , and the Peanuts gang unites to celebrate the Christmas season .
Carl Bricka was born in Copenhagen , Denmark .
A Flock of Seagulls are an English new wave and synth - pop band originally formed in 1980 in Liverpool by Michael " Mike " Score ( lead vocals , keyboards ) , his brother Alister " Ali " James Score ( drums ) , and Francis Lee " Frank " Maudsley ( bass ) , with their most famous line - up consisting of the Score brothers and Maudsley along with lead guitarist Paul Reynolds .
The group had a string of international hit singles including " I Ran ( So Far Away ) " ( 1982 ) , " Space Age Love Song " ( 1982 ) , " Wishing ( If I Had a Photograph of You ) " ( 1982 ) , and " The More You Live , the More You Love " ( 1984 ) .
The band won a Grammy Award in 1983 for their instrumental " D.N.A " ( 1982 ) .
" Occhi di ragazza " ( " Girl 's eyes " ) was the Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1970 , performed in Italian by Gianni Morandi .
It was succeeded as Italian representative at the 1971 Contest by Massimo Ranieri with " L'amore è un attimo " .
The Reivers : A Reminiscence , published in 1962 , is the last novel by the American author William Faulkner .
Faulkner previously won this award for his book A Fable , making him one of only three authors to be awarded it more than once .
He previously had referred to writing a " Golden Book of Yoknapatawpha County " with which he would finish his literary career .
It is likely that The Reivers was meant to be this " Golden Book " .
Fighting lasted from 22 to 26 September 1940 , simultaneous with the Battle of South Guangxi in the Sino - Japanese War .
The main objective of the Japanese was to prevent the Republic of China from importing arms and fuel through French Indochina along the Kunming – Hai Phong Railway , from the Indochinese port of Haiphong , through the capital of Hanoi to the Chinese city of Kunming in Yunnan .
Per the prior agreement , Japan was allowed to occupy Tonkin in northern Indochina and effectively blockade China .
He was a member of the " Rat Pack " and the brother - in - law of President John F. Kennedy , and the senators Robert F. Kennedy and Edward Kennedy .
Anicia Juliana ( Constantinople , 462 – 527/528 ) was a Roman imperial princess , the daughter of the Western Roman Emperor Olybrius , of the Anicii , by Placidia the younger daughter of Emperor Valentinian III and Licinia Eudoxia .
She married Flavius Areobindus Dagalaiphus Areobindus , and their children included Olybrius , consul for 491 .
The first conference in the current PLDI series took place in 1979 under the name SIGPLAN Symposium on Compiler Construction in Denver , Colorado .
From Nyahururu in Kenya 's Laikipia County , She moved to Japan and ran for the Toyota Industries corporate team .
Yale College is the undergraduate liberal arts college of Yale University .
Although other schools of the university were founded as early as 1810 , all of Yale was officially known as Yale College until 1887 , when its schools were confederated and the institution was renamed Yale University .
By the mid-19th century , it was the largest college in the United States .
In 1847 , it was joined by another undergraduate degree - granting school at Yale , the Sheffield Scientific School , which was absorbed into the college in the mid-20th century .
All undergraduates live in these colleges after their freshman year , when most live on the school 's Old Campus .
He played with In Flames from their 1999 album Colony , up until their 2016 album Battles , originally replacing Johan Larsson who departed after 1997 's Whoracle .
He was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross , four Silver Stars , and the French Croix de guerre for his heroic actions in Italy and France during the war .
An attempt to upgrade Conner 's Distinguished Service Cross to the Medal of Honor , the United States military 's highest decoration for valor , took 22 years .
On 29 March 2018 , the White House announced President Trump would award the Medal of Honor to Garlin Murl Conner in a ceremony at the White House .
Pro Patria ( ) is a conservative political party in Estonia .
It was founded on 4 June 2006 when two conservative parties , Pro Patria Union and Res Publica Party merged .
It held the name Pro Patria and Res Publica Union until 2 June 2018 , when the party changed its name to Pro Patria ( , meaning literally Fatherland ) .
The song has also been performed by Barbra Streisand , and is featured on her album Back to Broadway , as well as the live albums The Concert and Back to Brooklyn .
Elaine Paige , who starred in the original London and Broadway productions of Sunset Boulevard , also recorded the song for her album Encore .
Chris Colfer ( as Kurt Hummel ) sings the song on the Glee Season 2 episode " Born This Way " .
Jason Manford recorded the song for his 2017 album A Different Stage .
Emil Boc (; born 6 September 1966 ) is a Romanian politician who was Prime Minister of Romania from 22 December 2008 until 6 February 2012 and is the current Mayor of Cluj - Napoca , the largest city of Transylvania , where he was first elected in June 2004 .
Boc was also the president of the Democratic Liberal Party , which proposed and supported him as Prime Minister in late 2008 , from December 2004 until June 2012 .
The Institute for the German Language ( IDS ) ( in German : Institut für Deutsche Sprache ) in Mannheim , Germany is a linguistic and social research institute and a member of the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Scientific Community .
Adolph Albrecht Erlenmeyer ( 11 July 1822 – 9 August 1877 ) was a German physician and psychiatrist born in Wiesbaden .
He studied medicine in Marburg , Bonn and Berlin .
At the University of Bonn he studied under surgeon Karl Wilhelm Wutzer ( 1789 – 1863 ) , and after receiving his doctorate from the University of Berlin , he was an assistant to psychiatrist Carl Wigand Maximilian Jacobi ( 1777 – 1858 ) at the asylum in Siegburg .
Today , the dominant subspecies ( S. t. tatarica ) is only found in one location in Russia ( in the Republic of Kalmykia and Astrakhan Oblast ) and three areas in Kazakhstan ( the Ural , Ustiurt , and Betpak - Dala populations ) .
Girolamo Parabosco ( c. 1524 – April 21 , 1557 ) was an Italian writer , composer , organist , and poet of the Renaissance .
Little is known of his childhood , but he went to Venice early for his musical education and is mentioned as a student of Adrian Willaert , the founder of the Venetian School , near the end of 1541 .
After a period of travels , during which he visited other cities in northern Italy , he returned to Venice and became first organist at St. Mark 's , which was at that time becoming one of the most distinguished musical institutions in Italy .
He remained employed by St. Mark 's for the rest of his life , and died in Venice in 1557 .
He wrote Rime and prose comedies , but he is best known by I Diporti , a collection of stories after the model of Boccaccio 's Decameron supposed to be told by a fowling - party weatherbound on an island in the Venetian lagoons .
The music for the 2013 action role - playing game , developed and published by Square Enix , was composed by Masashi Hamauzu , Naoshi Mizuta , and Mitsuto Suzuki .
Three albums have been released : the promotional Lightning Returns : Final Fantasy XIII Pre Soundtrack in July 2013 , the Lightning Returns : Final Fantasy XIII Original Soundtrack in November 2013 , and Lightning Returns : Final Fantasy XIII Soundtrack Plus in March 2014 .
The main soundtrack , despite some tracks being critiqued , was generally praised as a good selection of music and a fitting conclusion to the music of the Final Fantasy XIII series .
Both commercial albums sold well enough to be placed on the Oricon charts , with the Original Soundtrack reaching # 29 and remaining on the charts for four weeks .
Hips and Makers is the debut solo album by Kristin Hersh , best known as the primary singer and songwriter of the band Throwing Muses .
The album was released by 4AD in the UK on January 24 , 1994 , and by Sire Records in the US on February 1 , 1994 .
In contrast to Hersh 's rock - oriented work with Throwing Muses , the album is primarily acoustic , with Hersh usually playing unaccompanied .
Other credited musicians include Jane Scarpantoni on cello and Michael Stipe of R.E.M. , who sings backing vocals on the opening track , " Your Ghost . "
In addition to Hersh 's own material , the album features a cover of the traditional song " The Cuckoo " .
The album peaked at # 7 in the UK Album Charts , the highest placing of any of Hersh 's offerings on her own or with Throwing Muses .
His many hits include four Top Ten Country Music Hits : " Anyone Who Is n't Me Tonight " by Kenny Rogers and Dottie West ( Grammy Nominated ) , " Soon " by Tanya Tucker ( Grammy Nominated ) , " Somewhere Down the Line " by T G Shepherd and country music standard , " The Cowboy Rides Away " by George Strait .
Kamehameha Highway is one of the main highways serving suburban and rural O‘ahu in the U.S. state of Hawaii .
Starting from Nimitz Highway near Pearl Harbor and Hickam Air Force Base in Honolulu , it serves the island 's older western suburbs , turning north across the O‘ahu Central Valley to the North Shore .
At the North Shore , Kamehameha Highway heads northeast around the northern tip of O‘ahu , then southeast to and just beyond Kāne‘ohe Bay on the windward coast .
A short detached segment of the Kamehameha Highway exists for a few blocks in the Honolulu neighborhood of Kalihi .
This segment runs as a short extension of Dillingham Boulevard from Puuhale Road ( near the Oahu Community Correctional Center ) to exit 18B on Interstate H-1 .
This section was contiguous with the rest of the highway before the construction of the H-1 viaduct .
Miss Moneypenny , later assigned the first names of Eve or Jane , is a fictional character in the James Bond novels and films .
Although she has a small part in most of the films , it is always highlighted by the underscored romantic tension between her and Bond ( something that is virtually non - existent in Ian Fleming 's novels , though is somewhat more apparent in the Bond novels by John Gardner and Raymond Benson ) .
Although not given a first name by Fleming , the character was given the name Jane in the spin - off book series , The Moneypenny Diaries ; in the films , she received the first name of Eve in Skyfall ( 2012 ) , where the character spent time as a field agent before becoming secretary to M. According to the film You Only Live Twice ( 1967 ) , she holds the rank of second officer in the Women 's Royal Naval Service .
Chrzanowski was born and died in Warsaw , Poland .
During World War II he was a member of the Polish anti - Nazi resistance organization , the Home Army .
Back in France , Everard abdicated officially in 1151 and became a monk at Clairvaux , despite the protests of the Templars .
He was chosen to succeed Robert , and as soon as he was elected , he accompanied Louis VII of France on the Second Crusade , and was among those sent ahead to Constantinople before Louis ' arrival there .
After the failure of the crusade at the Siege of Damascus in 1148 , Louis returned to France , followed by Everard , who was in charge of the king 's treasury .
DNEG ( formerly known as Double Negative ) is a British motion picture visual effects and computer animation and stereo conversion company that was founded in 1998 in London .
DNEG is headquartered in Fitzrovia , London , with additional locations in Vancouver , Mumbai , Los Angeles , Chennai , Montréal , Hyderabad , Chandigarh , and Goa .
Gary Tibbs ( born Gary Brian Tibbs , 25 January 1958 ) is a bass guitarist and actor .
Tibbs was born in Northwood , London .
He was a member of Adam and the Ants , and is mentioned by name in the lyrics of the band 's UK top ten hit " Ant Rap " .
He first played on The Fixx 's 2003 album , Want That Life .
Tibbs also played on select tracks on Brian May ’s 1993 solo album Back to the Light .
He also formed a band called Merrick and Tibbs with Chris Hughes ( a.k.a .
Merrick ) , just after leaving Adam & the Ants .
They released a single in 1982 entitled " Call of the Wild " .
The Jakarta International Film Festival ( JIFFEST ) is the major film festival of Indonesia held every December in the capital , Jakarta , since 1999 .
Heloísa Maria Buarque de Hollanda ( born November 30 , 1937 in Rio de Janeiro ) , whose artistic name is Miúcha , is a Brazilian singer and composer .
She is the daughter of historian Sérgio Buarque de Holanda and Maria Amélia Cesário Alvim , and sister of the singer and composer Chico Buarque and two other singers Ana de Hollanda ( prior Ministry of Culture in Brazil ) and Cristina .
Her career began in 1975 working with her husband at that time , João Gilberto , and Stan Getz , recorded as a participant in the disc The Best of Two Worlds .
This was followed by forays into jazz with Tom Jobim , Vinícius de Moraes , João Gilberto and her daughter Bebel Gilberto .
Ghoncheh Ghavami ( born 1989 ) also spelled as Goncheh Ghavami ( ) is a British - Iranian law graduate of the School of Oriental and African Studies , University of London who was held in solitary confinement in Evin Prison for protesting for equal access to sporting events in Iran .
" Annabel Lee " is the last complete poem composed by American author Edgar Allan Poe .
Like many of Poe 's poems , it explores the theme of the death of a beautiful woman .
Though many women have been suggested , Poe 's wife Virginia Eliza Clemm Poe is one of the more credible candidates .
The award is granted at the Society 's annual congress on the eve of India 's Republic Day , in conjunction with national Pravasi Bharatiya Divas celebrations .
The Polaris expedition of 1871 – 1873 was led by the American Charles Francis Hall , who intended it to be the first expedition to reach the North Pole .
Sponsored by the United States government , it was one of the first serious attempts at the Pole , after that of British naval officer William Edward Parry , who , in 1827 , reached 82 ° 45'N.
Under Hall 's command , the departed from New York City in .
The damaged Polaris was run aground and wrecked near Etah , Greenland , in .
Thomas Christian Tychsen ( 8 May 1758 , Horsbüll – 23 October 1834 , Göttingen ) was a German orientalist and Lutheran theologian .
He studied theology and philology in Kiel and Göttingen , followed by an educational tour through Europe ; France , Spain and Lombardy , completed with a lengthy stay in Vienna .
He was the author of a book on Arabic grammar , Grammatik der arabischen Schriftsprache ( 1823 ) , and edited works of the Greek poet Quintus Smyrnaeus .
Domenico was born in Astano , Landvogtei of Lugano ( at that time a condominium of the Old Swiss Confederacy ) , in the Italian - speaking Ticino .
John J. Pershing College was a private liberal arts college that operated from 1966 to 1971 in Beatrice , Nebraska , United States .
Pershing was one of several Midwestern colleges established by local civic leaders with the support and encouragement of Parsons College in Fairfield , Iowa .
Pershing College ceased operating in 1971 , and its former site is now occupied by the Beatrice campus of Southeast Community College .
Paul H. Crane is an American obstetrician and gynecologist .
Yahya Skaf , also spelled Yehia Skaff ( Arabic : يحيى سكاف ) , from the Bhanine ( Menyeh ) district of Lebanon , is a person claimed to have been arrested by Israel on 11 March 1978 for participation in the Coastal Road massacre .
The Oak Hill Cemetery Chapel , also known as the Renwick Chapel or James Renwick Chapel , is a historic building in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington , D.C. , United States .
It is located on the highest ridge in Oak Hill Cemetery , near the intersection of 29th and R Streets NW .
The chapel is one of two structures in Oak Hill Cemetery listed on the National Register of Historic Places , the other being the Van Ness Mausoleum .
The chapel , mausoleum , and cemetery are contributing properties to the Georgetown Historic District , a National Historic Landmark .
Burchmulla ( also spelled Brichmulla and Brich - Mulla , Russian : Брич-Мулла́ ) is a village in the northeast of Tashkent Province , Uzbekistan , by the Koksu River near its inflow into the Charvak Reservoir by the southwestern extremity of the Koksu Ridge , west Tian Shan .
Steinhaus obtained his PhD under David Hilbert at Göttingen University in 1911 and later became a professor at the Jan Kazimierz University in Lwów ( now Lviv , Ukraine ) , where he helped establish what later became known as the Lwów School of Mathematics .
Miguel Zavaleta ( Buenos Aires , Argentina , February 16 , 1955 ) is a musician , singer and composer Argentinian rock .
Batman : Arkham Origins Blackgate is a 2013 2.5D video game developed by Armature Studio and released by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment for the Nintendo 3DS and PlayStation Vita handheld game consoles .
Based on the DC Comics superhero Batman , it is a companion to the 2013 video game , and is a part of the series .
" Insane in the Mainframe " is the twelfth episode of the third season of the American animated sitcom Futurama .
It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 8 , 2001 .
In the episode , Fry and Bender are admitted to an insane asylum for robots after being charged for their roles in holding up a bank .
The episode introduces the recurring Futurama character Roberto .
Ejaz Ahmed Chaudhary commonly referred to as Ejaz Chaudhary ( born 15 September 1956 ) is a prominent Pakistani politician , social worker , civil engineer by profession and an ex - deputy mayor of Lahore .
Chaudhary was previously a member of Jamaat - e - Islami where he spent 35 years of his political career before leaving the party , by 2007 Chaudhary had joined Imran Khan 's Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf after receiving a personal invitation from Khan himself to join the party .
He is currently serving as Imran Khan 's chief political advisor , and served as the Punjab President of the party from 2013 - 15 .
His academic work in particular , according to Rashid Khalidi , has played a key role in shaping both Palestinian and broader Arab reactions to the loss of Palestine , and in outlining ways for the former to ensure that they remain visible as a presence within the Middle East map .
Stenanthium densum is a poisonous but spectacular monocot wildflower native to pine barrens of the eastern United States .
It is native to the southernmost Gulf Coast , from eastern Louisiana east , down through most of Florida , and to the easternmost Atlantic Coast north to Rhode Island , seldom far from the coast .
" The One with the Princess Leia Fantasy " is the season premiere of the third season of the American and the 49th episode overall of television situation comedy Friends , which was broadcast on NBC on September 19 , 1996 .
The plot has Ross ( David Schwimmer ) tell girlfriend Rachel ( Jennifer Aniston ) the titular fantasy .
In subplots , Monica ( Courteney Cox ) tries to get over her break - up with Richard , while Joey ( Matt LeBlanc ) has to cope with Chandler 's ( Matthew Perry ) annoying girlfriend Janice being around .
Nancy H. Rubin served as U.S.
Ambassador to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights and as a Presidential Appointee to the White House Council for Community Solutions .
" Clyde Bruckman 's Final Repose " is the fourth episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series The X - Files .
Directed by David Nutter and written by Darin Morgan , the installment serves as a " Monster - of - the - Week " story — a stand - alone plot unconnected to the overarching mythology of The X - Files .
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X - Files .
The two are assisted by Clyde Bruckman ( Peter Boyle ) , an enigmatic and reluctant individual who possesses the ability to foresee how people are going to die .
Notably , the episode features a prediction by Bruckman — that Agent Scully will not die — that is later bookended by the sixth season episode " Tithonus . "
Joel Gordon Hodgson ( born February 20 , 1960 ) is an American writer , comedian and television actor .
He is best known for creating Mystery Science Theater 3000 ( MST3 K ) and starring in it as the character Joel Robinson .
Lestock Peach Wilson DesBrisay ( March 28 , 1820 – December 10 , 1872 ) was a Canadian businessman and politician in the Province of New Brunswick .
DesBrisay was born in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island , the son of Lucy Wright and her husband Theophilus DesBrisay , Jr. ( 1789 – 1847 ) , a naval officer from St. John 's Island .
A businessman , Lestock P. W. DesBrisay made his home in Richibucto and , on October 14 , 1841 , he married Diana Gay Smith , daughter of Dr. Rufus Smith , a former member of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick for Westmorland County .
DesBrisay followed in his father - in - law 's footsteps and in 1856 DesBrisay was elected to the 17th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly for Kent County .
Debuting on 12 February 2008 , the program was hosted by Bernard Curry , brother of Stephen and Andrew Curry .
Pascack Valley High School ( PVHS ) is a four - year comprehensive regional public high school located in Hillsdale in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as one of two secondary schools in the Pascack Valley Regional High School District .
Pascack Valley High School serves the residents of both Hillsdale and neighboring River Vale , while its counterpart Pascack Hills High School serves the communities of Woodcliff Lake and Montvale .
" Job Fair " is the seventeenth episode of the fourth season of the American comedy television series The Office , and the show 's seventieth episode overall .
Written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky and directed by Tucker Gates , the episode first aired in the United States on May 8 , 2008 on NBC .
He died in Hamburg , Germany , on 15 September 1929 .
Henry IV of France 's wives and mistresses played a significant role in the politics of his reign .
In 1600 , at the age of forty - six , he married his second wife , Marie de ' Medici , who bore him six children , including the future Louis XIII .
Cape Bonavista is a headland located on the east coast of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
It is located at the northeastern tip of the Bonavista Peninsula , which separates Trinity Bay to the south from Bonavista Bay to the north .
The nearby town of Bonavista takes its name from this historic landmark .
John Cabot may have landed at this site on June 24 , 1497 with his second expedition to North America ( or at another time in the 15th century ) .
Emily Murphy ( born Emily Gowan Ferguson ; 14 March 186827 October 1933 ) was a Canadian women 's rights activist , jurist , and author .
In 1916 , she became the first female magistrate in Canada , and in the British Empire .
In 1927 , the women launched the " Persons Case , " contending that women could be " qualified persons " eligible to sit in the Senate .
The Supreme Court of Canada ruled that they were not .
In her book The Black Candle , she wrote : " It is hardly credible that the average Chinese peddler has any definite idea in his mind of bringing about the downfall of the white race , his swaying motive being probably that of greed , but in the hands of his superiors , he may become a powerful instrument to that end . "
Umreth ( Gujarati : ઉમરેઠ ) is a taluka and the administrative center of Anand District in the state of Gujarat , India .
It is part of the region known as Charotar , located in Anand and Kheda districts .
Umreth is also known as the Silk City of Charotar .
Umreth lines between Dwarka , Nadiad and Dakor on the State Highway known as “ PragatiPath ” .
It is connected with Baroda , Anand , Nadiad , Ahmedabad , Godhra , Kapadvanj , and Balasinor via roadway .
The railway line is broad gauge connecting it to Godhra , covering the Dakor route from Anand .
Umreth has seen rapid economic growth along the Umreth - Dakor and Nadiad - Dakor road belt .
President Jefferson received the treaty in March 1807 , but was disappointed and refused to submit it to the Senate for ratification .
During his military career and presidency , new nations in Central America were facing numerous problems : William Walker 's invasions , liberal attempts to overthrow the Catholic Church and aristocrats ' power , the Civil War in the United States , Mayan uprising in the east , Belize boundary dispute with England , and the wars in Mexico under Benito Juarez .
South is Heather Nova 's sixth album .
The U.S. release contained one extra track , " Welcome " , which also appeared on the 2005 album Redbird .
She declared that her next album , Storm , would be bare and would be the album she 's always wanted to make .
The Moviegoer is the debut novel by Walker Percy , first published in the United States by Vintage in 1961 .
It is published in the UK by Methuen .
Unlike many dark didactic existentialist novels ( including Percy 's later work ) , The Moviegoer has a light poetic tone .
The novel also draws on elements of Dante by paralleling the themes of Binx Bolling 's life to that of the narrator of the Divine Comedy .
Cianjur is a town and district in the West Java province of Indonesia , and is the capital of Cianjur Regency .
The Brazoria National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife conservation area along the coast of Texas ( USA ) , east of the towns of Angleton and Lake Jackson , Texas .
It borders a bay on the Intracoastal Waterway , behind a barrier island at the Gulf of Mexico .
Three national wildlife refuges on the Texas coast - Brazoria , San Bernard and Big Boggy - form a vital complex of coastal wetlands harboring more than 300 bird species .
With All My Heart and Soul is an album by country music singer , Dottie West , released in 1967 .
This was one of Dottie West 's best - selling albums .
The album was produced by Chet Atkins , along with a string of other albums West recorded for RCA Victor in the 1960s .
The album spawned the No .
8 Country smash " Paper Mansions " , one of the few Top 10 hits West had in the 1960s .
This included Jeannie Seely 's 1966 hit " Do n't Touch Me " , David Houston 's 1967 hit " Almost Persuaded " , and Eddy Arnold 's " The Tip of My Fingers " .
" Sanguinarium " is the sixth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series The X - Files .
" Sanguinarium " was written by newcomers Vivian and Valerie Mayhew and directed by Kim Manners , and is a " Monster - of - the - Week " story , a stand - alone plot which is unconnected to the series ' wider mythology .
It first aired in the United States on November 10 , 1996 on the Fox network , earning a Nielsen rating of 11.1 and being seen by 19.85 million viewers upon its initial broadcast .
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X - Files .
In " Sanguinarium " , bizarre murders in a hospital 's plastic surgery unit lead Mulder and Scully to suspect a supernatural force may be responsible .
As the uncontrolled killings continue , Mulder discovers a link between the victims ' dates of birth and key dates on the witchcraft calendar .
Brigadier Reginald Miles , CBE , DSO & Bar , MC ( 10 December 1892 – 20 October 1943 ) was a professional soldier who served in the New Zealand Military Forces during the First and Second World Wars .
He served as an artillery officer in the First World War and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his actions during the Spring Offensive .
When the Second World War broke out , Miles was the Quartermaster General of the New Zealand Military Forces .
In 1940 , he was seconded to the 2nd New Zealand Division as its commander of artillery .
He saw action during the Battle of Greece and later during Operation Crusader in North Africa .
He is Singapore 's longest - serving Opposition Member of Parliament ( MP ) in a Single Member Constituency ( SMC ) , having represented the constituency of Potong Pasir in Parliament from 1984 to 2011 .
Sycamore Shoals State Historic Area is a state park located in Elizabethton , in the U.S. state of Tennessee .
The park consists of situated along the Sycamore Shoals of the Watauga River , a National Historic Landmark where a series of events critical to the establishment of the states of Tennessee and Kentucky , and the settlement of the Trans - Appalachian frontier in general , took place .
Along with the historic shoals , the park includes a visitor center and museum , the reconstructed Fort Watauga , the Carter Mansion ( at a satellite location in Elizabethton ) and Sabine Hill ( also at a satellite location in Elizabethton ) .
For over a thousand years before the arrival of European explorers , Sycamore Shoals and adjacent lands had been inhabited by Native Americans .
The first permanent European settlers arrived in 1770 , and established the Watauga Association — one of the first written constitutional governments west of the Appalachian Mountains — in 1772 .
Taylor Harper ( born November 25 , 1944 ) is an American lobbyist and former American politician .
Harper was born in Mobile , Alabama and grew up in Grand Bay .
In 1978 , Harper was elected as a Democrat to the Alabama Legislature from House District 105 where he represented communities from south Mobile County .
Sylvester John Hemleben was born February 25 , 1902 , in La Crosse , Wisconsin , a descendant of an ancient German family which emigrated to America to practice medicine and pharmacy in pioneer Wisconsin .
He furthered his education at Columbia University , Harvard University , Cambridge University , England , and Munich University , Germany .
Hemleben also wrote numerous volumes of poetry , including Musings of a Mystic , that are expressive of his philosophy of life .
One Love is the second studio album by English boy band Blue , released on 4 November 2002 in the United Kingdom and on 21 October 2003 in the United States .
Three singles were released from the album : " One Love " , which peaked at number three , " Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word " , featuring Elton John , which peaked at number one , and " U Make Me Wanna " , which peaked at number four .
Spare Parts is the second album by the English rock band Status Quo , and the final one in the psychedelic vein .
Only one song was slated for a single release .
This was the Anthony King written song " Are You Growing Tired of My Love " , backed with the Alan Lancaster composition " So Ends Another Life " .
Following the disappointment of the album , the band released a non - album single - the Everly Brothers ' " The Price of Love " , also released in September 1969 , with the Francis Rossi and Rick Parfitt composition " Little Miss Nothing " as the B - side .
The Fort Pitt Tunnel carries traffic on Interstate 376 ( I-376 ) , U.S. Route 22 ( US 22 ) , US 30 , and US 19 Truck between Downtown Pittsburgh and the West End neighborhood in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
Traveling beneath Mount Washington , the structure is divided into a two lane inbound tunnel and two lane outbound tunnel .
The inbound tunnel flows onto the top deck of the double - deck Fort Pitt Bridge , opposite traffic from the lower deck using the outbound tunnel .
Before entering the southwest end of the inbound tunnel , travelers see a commonplace view of Southwestern Pennsylvania 's hills , but at the northeast end , travelers emerge to a panorama of Pittsburgh 's Golden Triangle and surrounding skyline , the view cited by The New York Times as " the best way to enter an American city " .
The vantage was the inspiration for the news opening on Pittsburgh 's KDKA - TV for several years in the 1980s and 1990s , and is referenced in Stephen Chbosky 's novel The Perks of Being a Wallflower .
The Fort Pitt Tunnel opened in 1960 , a year after the adjoining Fort Pitt Bridge .
It is the third longest automobile tunnel in the City of Pittsburgh , following the Liberty Tunnels and the Squirrel Hill Tunnel .
And it is one of four major tunnels passing beneath Mount Washington , including the Liberty Tunnels and the Wabash Tunnel for automobiles , and the Mount Washington Transit Tunnel for public transportation .
Hans Zerny ( 11 June 1887 , Vienna - Währing – 14 September 1945 , Vienna ) was an Austrian entomologist best known for his studies of Lepidoptera .
Afterwards , he began work at the Naturhistorisches Museum in Vienna , serving as an adjunct - curator from 1920 and as curator - first class from 1928 onward .
Preakness is an unincorporated community located within Wayne in Passaic County , New Jersey , United States .
The colt Preakness , for whom the Preakness Stakes Thoroughbred horse race at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore , Maryland is named , was owned by Milton H. Sanford 's Preakness Stables located at the corner of Valley Road and Preakness Avenue .
Nije ljubav stvar ( , lit : Love is not an Object ) is a song by Serbian singer Željko Joksimović and yet another one of his well - known Balkan ballads .
The song was Joksimović 's second time performing at the Eurovision Song Contest ; the first time , in 2004 , he placed second overall for Serbia and Montenegro with the song " Lane moje " .
Buried : Oakland Cemetery ( Yonkers , New York ) Westchester County , USA .
" Fire Brigade " influenced " Firehouse " from the self - titled debut album by Kiss .
Chrysopsis floridana is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family , known by its common name , Florida golden aster .
It is endemic to Florida in the United States , where it is known from Hillsborough , Hardee , Manatee , and Pinellas Counties .
It is considered an endemic of the west - central coast of the state in the general vicinity of Tampa Bay .
In 1986 the plant was added to the US endangered species list because it was becoming increasingly rare , it was growing only on private property , and its habitat was unprotected and being destroyed and degraded by a number of forces .
It is found at Bell Creek Nature Preserve in Riverview , Florida .
A Little Princess is a children 's novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett , first published as a book in 1905 .
According to Burnett , after she composed the 1902 play A Little Un - fairy Princess based on that story , her publisher asked that she expand the story as a novel with " the things and people that had been left out before " .
It was the second of two Burnett novels among the Top 100 , with The Secret Garden number 15 .
In the United States and Canada the product is manufactured and marketed by Unilever 's Lipton brand , and in Australia under the Continental brand .
In the United Kingdom the product is sold as Batchelors Cup - a - Soup , a brand which is now owned by Premier Foods .
In the Netherlands it is sold under the Unox brand .
In South Africa , Sweden , Belgium , Denmark , Germany , Argentina and Poland it is sold under the Knorr brand .
Denis Nowell Pritt , QC ( 22 September 1887 – 23 May 1972 ) was a British barrister and Labour Party politician .
A member of the Labour Party from 1918 , he was a defender of the Soviet Union .
Pritt was expelled from the Labour Party in 1940 following his support of the Soviet invasion of Finland .
" Hey Kid " is the second official single from Matt Willis , released on August 14 , 2006 .
It is taken from Willis 's debut solo album Do n't Let It Go to Waste .
James Carter Walker Jr. ( born June 25 , 1947 ) is an American actor and comedian .
Walker is best known for portraying James Evans Jr. ( " J.J. " ) , the oldest son of Florida and James Evans Sr . on the CBS television series Good Times , which ran from 1974 to 1979 .
Walker was nominated for Golden Globe awards Best Supporting Actor In A Television Series in 1975 and 1976 for his role .
There are six monarchies in Oceania ; that is : self - governing sovereign states in Oceania where supreme power resides with an individual hereditary head , who is recognised as the head of state .
The only sovereign monarchy in Oceania that does not share a monarch with another state is Tonga .
Australia and New Zealand have dependencies within the region and outside it , although five non - sovereign constituent monarchs are recognized by New Zealand , Papua New Guinea and France .
Kim Gi - Dong (; born 12 January 1972 in Dangjin ) is a former South Korean footballer .
In 1991 , Kim debuted as a professional player with Pohang Steelers ( then POSCO Atoms ) right after his graduation from high school , which was quite unusual then .
He started to appear in the top team matches after joining Yukong Elephants ( Bucheon SK after 1996 ) .
He now holds 2nd place in career domestic appearance ( league and cups ) in K - League , only after goalkeeper Kim Byung - Ji .
On July 9 , 2011 he became the oldest ever score in the K - League with his goal in the 7 - 0 victory over Daejeon Citizen .
Twinemen is an alternative rock band based in Cambridge , Massachusetts , USA created by former members of the bands Morphine and Face to Face .
During World War I , he served with distinction on the corps- and division - level staff on the Western Front .
Queequeg is a fictional character in the 1851 novel Moby - Dick by American author Herman Melville .
The son of a South Sea chieftain who left home to explore the world , Queequeg is the first principal character encountered by the narrator , Ishmael .
Once aboard the whaling ship Pequod Queequeg becomes the harpooner for the mate Starbuck .
When Moby - Dick sinks the ship , Ishmael survives by clinging to it until another ship arrives to pick him up .
The new flag , which consisted of five equal horizontal bands of red ( top and bottom ) alternating with white ; a blue isosceles triangle based on the hoist side bears a large , white , five - pointed star in the center , was first flown in Puerto Rico on March 24 , 1897 , during the " Intentona de Yauco " revolt .
" Send in Stewie , Please " is the twelfth episode of the sixteenth season of the animated sitcom Family Guy , and the 301st episode overall .
It aired on Fox in the United States on March 18 , 2018 with limited commercial interruption due to its runtime of 25 minutes , and is written by Gary Janetti and directed by Joe Vaux .
The episodes largely focuses on Stewie Griffin ( voiced by creator Seth MacFarlane ) about his major secrets , accompanied by a child psychologist ( voiced by guest star Ian McKellen ) .
Bawean ( ) is an island of Indonesia located approximately 150   km north of Surabaya in the Java Sea , off the coast of Java .
It is administered by Gresik Regency of East Java province .
As a result , females constituted about 77 % of the actual population of the island , which is thus often referred to as the Island of Women ( ) .
The island territory is divided into two administrative districts , Sangkapura and Tambak .
Marco Amelia , (; born 2 April 1982 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
A Roma youth product , Amelia spent most of his professional club career at Livorno , where he made 181 appearances across all competitions , including playing and scoring in the 2006 – 07 UEFA Cup .
At international level , Amelia won a Bronze medal at the 2004 Olympics , and earned nine senior caps for Italy between 2005 and 2009 .
The Celebrity Apprentice is an American television reality competition series .
It is a variation of The Apprentice series , and was hosted by real estate developer ( and now U.S. President ) Donald Trump from 2008 to 2015 , and actor and former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger from January 2017 .
On August 3 , 2017 , NBC Entertainment Chairman Bob Greenblatt said that the show has effectively been canceled .
Like its precursor , the show 's opening theme song is " For the Love of Money " by The O'Jays .
Kittiratt Na - Ranong (; ; born 3 August 1958 ) is a Thai manager and politician .
Additionally , he led the Ministry of Commerce until January 2012 and then served as Finance Minister until May 2014 .
Kittiratt attended the Assumption College and the Triam Udom Suksa School in Bangkok .
He was a vice director of the Sasin Graduate Institute and president of the private Shinawatra University , founded by the former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra .
Moreover , he has managed the Thailand national football team for the 2007 AFC Asian Cup .
In politics , Kittiratt became involved with the Thais United party in 2007 .
In 2011 he transpose to Pheu Thai Party .
The War of the Lions is the second announced game in Square Enix 's " Ivalice Alliance " series of video games set in the Ivalice fictional world .
The first is ( a sequel to Final Fantasy XII ) and the third is ( both of which were released on Nintendo DS ) .
Ivalice ( during the setting of the game ) has technology in line with the late medieval era of human history along with the typical magic and supernatural abilities found in most Final Fantasy games .
War of the Lions also includes new playable characters from other Final Fantasy titles , such as Balthier from Final Fantasy XII and Luso Clemens from , as well as returning favorite Cloud Strife from Final Fantasy VII , who was playable in the original release of the game .
" Stand Up for Love " is a song recorded by American girl group Destiny 's Child for their first greatest hits album , # 1 's ( 2005 ) .
Columbia Records released it as the album 's first single on September 27 , 2005 .
Musically , " Stand Up for Love " is a slow - tempo contemporary R&B ; ballad that draws influences from pop .
The song became Destiny 's Child 's first single to fail to chart in the United States or any other music chart .
" Stand Up for Love " was performed live by Destiny 's Child in November 2005 at the Jimmy Kimmel Live !
Invensys was taken over by the French multinational Schneider Electric for £ 3.4 billion in January 2014 .
Flood Street is a residential street in Chelsea , London , England .
The house was bought by Margaret Thatcher and her husband Denis Thatcher in 1967 and sold in 1986 .
The American division of KYB corporation is headquartered in Addison , IL .
At the moment , the North American division of KYB employs around 100 full - time employees .
Overall , in the United States , there are 3 divisions of KYB .
Two of them are in Chicago , IL and one is in California .
The Wedding Church at Cana ( ) or simply Wedding Church , also Franciscan Wedding Church , is the name given to a religious building of the Catholic Church located in the central part of the town of Kafr Kanna ( Cana ) , in the Lower Galilee in northern Israel .
The Church is owned by the Custody of the Holy Land , part of the Franciscan order in the Catholic Church .
Northern Burlington County Regional High School is a four - year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from four communities in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States , as part of the Northern Burlington County Regional School District .
Students are served from Chesterfield Township , Mansfield Township , North Hanover Township and Springfield Township , along with children of USAF personnel based at McGuire Air Force Base .
First opening to students upon the completion of the current building in 1960 , the school is located in the Columbus section of Mansfield Township .
Dr. Christian Shephard is a fictional character on the ABC television series Lost played by John Terry .
He is the father of lead characters Jack Shephard ( Matthew Fox ) , who becomes the de facto leader of the survivors of Oceanic 815 after it crashes on an island , and Claire Littleton ( Emilie de Ravin ) , another of the survivors on the Island .
In the fourth season and fifth season he is again featured on the Island several times , seemingly acting as a messenger for the leader of the Others , Jacob ( Mark Pellegrino ) .
In the sixth season , the Man in Black ( Titus Welliver / Terry O'Quinn ) admitted that he had " impersonated " Christian during the first week after the crash of Flight 815 .
The Grom - Bach is a small river of Hesse , Germany .
The Grom - Bach flows into the Ohebach in Frielendorf .
Its source is located southeast of Linsingen at an altitude of above sea level .
Shortly before the village of Todenhausen , the Grom - bach turns into an easterly direction , then into a southerly direction to flow to Spieskappel .
Before the Grom - Bach reaches Spieskappel , it turns again to the north - east and immediately after passing under the federal highway , it merges with the approaching Hohlenbach coming from the south .
Up to the mouth in the Ohebach ( near Weidemühle ) at the northern end of the village Frielendorf , the Grom - Bach covered a length of and a height difference of approximately .
Raymond Hackett ( July 15 , 1902 – July 7 , 1958 ) was a stage and screen actor .
He had been a child actor on the Broadway stage and was the brother of Albert Hackett .
He was born in New York City the son of Maurice Hackett and Florence Hackett ( née Hart ) .
Hackett 's first wife was Myra Hampton , the marriage was dissolved .
His second wife was the actress Blanche Sweet .
In early silent films was called Master Raymond Hackett and appeared with his brother Albert in several shorts and one 1921 feature film The Country Flapper co - starring Dorothy Gish and Glenn Hunter .
The concerto was first performed in the United States on October 30 , 1891 , at the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago .
Max Bendix was soloist with the Chicago Orchestra led by Theodore Thomas .
The firm consists of multiple legal entities that are coordinated through service agreements : McDermott Will & Emery LLP ( based in Illinois with offices throughout the US and a foreign office in South Korea ) , McDermott Will & Emery AARPI ( France ) , McDermott Will & Emery Belgium LLP , McDermott Will & Emery Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater LLP ( both based in Delaware with offices in Belgium or , respectively , Germany ) ,
Born 13 March 1942 ( not 15 March 1948 , as some sources incorrectly state ) in Kutaisi , Georgian SSR , she graduated from Tbilisi State Conservatory in 1966 .
Since 1968 , she has been a soloist with Bolshoi Theatre , Moscow .
Beginning with her international debut at Metropolitan Opera , New York City , in 1979 , she has also performed at Royal Opera House and Covent Garden , London .
Robert McDougall ( 16 April 1813 – 25 June 1887 ) was a cattle breeder and politician in colonial Victoria , a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly .
Born in Fortingall , Perthshire , Scotland , McDougall was the son of Alexander McDougall , a sheep farmer , and his wife Grace , née Stewart .
After returning briefly to Scotland , he emigrated to Australia , arriving in Melbourne in November 1841 .
In November 1856 , McDougall was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for West Bourke , a position he held until resigning in August 1857 .
McDougall died at Ellora , Moonee Ponds , Victoria on 25 June 1887 .
He was born in Viadana , Province of Mantua .
From 1850 to 1859 , he painted in Havana , Cuba under the name of Joaquin .
PeopleSoft , Inc. was a company that provided human resource management systems ( HRMS ) , Financial Management Solutions ( FMS ) , supply chain management ( SCM ) , customer relationship management ( CRM ) , and enterprise performance management ( EPM ) software , as well as software for manufacturing , and student administration to large corporations , governments , and organizations .
It existed as an independent corporation until its acquisition by Oracle Corporation in 2005 .
A sponging - house was a place of temporary confinement for debtors in the United Kingdom .
Anthony Trollope set out the system in his novel The Three Clerks of 1857 :
Gerd Tellenbach ( 17 September 1903 – 12 June 1999 ) was a German historian and scholar of medieval social and religious history , particularly of the Papacy and German church during the Investiture Controversy and reform movements of the eleventh and twelfth centuries .
After studying history at the universities of Freiburg and Heidelberg , he taught in Gießen , Münster , and finally the Albert - Ludwigs - Universität in Freiburg , where he served as Rektor ( chancellor ) in 1949 – 1950 and again in 1957–1958 .
" The Pool of the Black One " is one of the original short stories starring the sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian , written by American author Robert E. Howard .
It 's set in the pseudo - historical Hyborian Age , and concerns Conan becoming the captain of a pirate vessel while encountering a remote island with a mysterious pool which has the power of transmutation .
First published in Weird Tales in October 1933 , the story was republished in the collections The Sword of Conan ( Gnome Press , 1952 ) and Conan the Adventurer ( Lancer Books , 1966 ) .
The Eagle : A Crime Odyssey ( In Danish : " Ørnen : En krimi - odyssé " ) ( 2004 - 2006 ) is a Danish police procedural television series produced by Danmarks Radio , created and written by Peter Thorsboe and Mai Brostrøm .
The series was filmed on location in various parts of northern Europe , from Berlin ( Germany ) and Copenhagen ( Denmark ) to Stockholm ( Sweden ) , Oslo ( Norway ) and other locations including Iceland .
Since Malta 's Independence in 1964 , there has been a rapid increase in buildings all over the country .
However , most of the urban areas are concentrated around the Grand Harbour and Marsamxett Harbour areas where some of the country 's most busy places are situated ; Sliema , Saint Julian 's , Paceville , Msida , Gżira , Ta ' Xbiex and Pietà .
As cars and road transport grew more and more popular in the country , the population started to spread out to farther areas and nowadays some other urban areas have developed ; Saint Paul 's Bay ( including Qawra , Buġibba and Xemxija ) and Mellieħa in the North , whilst having Marsaskala and the Malta Freeport area in the South of the country .
Some of the tall buildings in Malta , such as the Metropolis Plaza in Gżira , are still under construction .
The highest structure ever built in Malta was the Delimara Power Station chimney , standing above ground , until its demolition in 2017 – 18 .
The tallest building will be one of the towers at the Metropolis Plaza in Gżira , with 33 storeys .
Girls Trip is a 2017 American comedy film starring Regina Hall , Queen Latifah , Tiffany Haddish , and Jada Pinkett Smith .
The film is directed by Malcolm D. Lee and written by Kenya Barris and Tracy Oliver , from a story by the pair and Erica Rivinoja , who based the script off their own experiences with their female friends .
It follows a group of four friends who go to New Orleans to attend the Essence Music Festival in order to reconnect .
Girls Trip premiered at the American Black Film Festival in Miami on June 14 , 2017 , and was theatrically released in the United States by Universal Pictures on July 21 , 2017 .
Bhuvaraghan Palaniappan ( 5 November 1930 – 23 March 2014 ) was an Indian gynecologist .
In recognition of his contributions to medicine , Palaniappan received the Padma Shri award from then President of India , Abdul Kalam , on 29 March 2006 .
Palaniappan was a Fellow of the National Academy of Medical Sciences .
Chipilo is a small city in the state of Puebla , Mexico .
It is located south of the state capital Puebla , Puebla , at a height of above sea level .
Its official name is Chipilo de Francisco Javier Mina .
Chipilo was founded on October 2 , 1882 , by immigrants from the northern Italian region of Veneto .
Most came from the town of Segusino and other surrounding towns in the province of Treviso .
In this celebration the city of Segusino , Italy , was declared Chipilo 's Twin city .
John Wright Hickenlooper Jr. (; born February 7 , 1952 ) is an American politician , businessman and the 42nd and current Governor of Colorado , in office since 2011 .
He is a member of the Democratic Party .
After his career as a geologist , Hickenlooper entered a career in business and cofounded the Wynkoop Brewing Company in Denver .
After incumbent governor Bill Ritter announced that he would not seek reelection , Hickenlooper announced his intentions to run for the Democratic nomination , in January 2010 .
He won in an uncontested primary and faced Constitution Party candidate , former representative Tom Tancredo , and Republican businessman Dan Maes in the general election , which he won with 51 % of the vote .
He was re - elected to a second term in 2014 , defeating Republican former U.S. representative Bob Beauprez by 49 % to 46 % .
Unearthed is a box set by Johnny Cash , released two months after his death in 2003 .
It was produced by Rick Rubin and released by American Recordings .
The fourth disc , My Mother 's Hymn Book features gospel songs Cash first learned from his mother as a child and was later reissued as a standalone release .
The title of the campaign also became the title of a book detailing the negative aspects of the Howard Government .
campaign , opposing the re - election of Australian Prime Minister John Howard in the 2004 federal election .
Zubtsovsky District ( ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the thirty - six in Tver Oblast , Russia .
It is located in the south of the oblast and borders with Staritsky District in the north , Lotoshinsky District of Moscow Oblast in the northeast , Shakhovskoy District , also of Moscow Oblast , in the east , Gagarinsky District of Smolensk Oblast in the south , Sychyovsky District , also of Smolensk Oblast , in the southwest , and with Rzhevsky District in the west .
Its administrative center is the town of Zubtsov .
Further Down the Spiral is the second remix album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails .
It is the companion remix disc to the band ’s second studio album , The Downward Spiral , and was released on June 1 , 1995 in two editions , one denoted as Halo 10 ( released in the United States and in the United Kingdom on the morning of release , to be pulled and replaced with Halo 10 V2 by lunch time ) and the other as Halo 10 V2 ( released in Japan , Australia , and the UK ) , each containing a different set of tracks .
The discs include remixes of " Mr. Self Destruct " , " Piggy " , " Hurt " , " Eraser " , " The Downward Spiral " , " Heresy " , " Reptile " , and " Ruiner " , as well as two original compositions by Aphex Twin .
Football in Australia refers to football codes played in the country including Australian rules football , rugby league , rugby union , association football ( soccer ) , American football and Gaelic football .
Professional football is played in Australia for four of these codes , with the leagues involved including the Australian Football League ( Aussie rules ) , the National Rugby League ( Rugby League ) , Super Rugby ( rugby union ) , and the A - League ( soccer ) .
By the 1860s , Australian rules and rugby union clubs were established in Melbourne and Sydney .
The regional football code divide in Australia was still present in the 1980s , with rugby league being the dominant code in Queensland and New South Wales while Australian rules football dominated in the rest of the country , whilst still being played throughout all of Australia and with soccer being played in ethnic enclaves .
Healing Camp , Are n't You Happy ( ) , or simply known as Healing Camp , is a South Korean talk show which began airing on July 18 , 2011 on Monday nights at 11:15   p.m. KST on SBS .
In June 2013 , it was announced that Han Hye - jin would leave the program following her marriage to footballer Ki Sung - yueng in July and would move to London with him .
Julius Strasburger ( 26 December 1871 , in Jena – 28 October 1934 , in Frankfurt am Main ) was a German internist .
He was the son of botanist Eduard Strasburger ( 1844 – 1912 ) .
Return to Castle Wolfenstein is a first - person shooter video game published by Activision , released on November 19 , 2001 for Microsoft Windows and subsequently for PlayStation 2 , Xbox , Linux and Macintosh .
The game serves as both a remake and a reboot to the Wolfenstein series .
Victor Albert Sinclair ( 18 May 1872 –-17 March 1944 ) was a lawyer and political figure in Ontario .
He represented Oxford South in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1914 to 1919 as a Conservative member .
The Occupation of the Hainburger Au wetlands in December 1984 marked a turning point for awareness in German speaking central Europe and was of great significance for the development of democratic processes in Austria .
The Hainburger Au is a large naturally occurring flood plain bordering the River Danube at , and upstream of , Hainburg in Lower Austria .
It is a short distance to the east of Vienna 's main airport .
Since 1996 it has been part of the Danube - Auen National Park .
The Mascarene martin or Mascarene swallow ( Phedina borbonica ) is a passerine bird in the swallow family that breeds in Madagascar and in the Mascarene Islands .
The nominate subspecies occurs on Mauritius and Réunion and has never been found away from the Mascarene Islands , but the smaller Madagascan subspecies , P.   b.   madagascariensis , is migratory and has been recorded wintering in East Africa or wandering to other Indian Ocean islands .
The United States immediately recognized the new Republic of the Congo and moved to establish diplomatic relations .
The embassy in Léopoldville ( now Kinshasa ) was established on June 30 , 1960 , with John D. Tomlinson as Chargé d'Affaires ad interim .
List of Mountains in South Africa is a general list of mountains in South Africa , with elevation .
This list includes mountains in two other sovereign states , in the Stormberg - Drakensberg range , where the highest elevations are to be found in Lesotho , as well as Emlembe , the highest mountain in Swaziland , located at the border with South Africa .
The highest mountain in South Africa is high Mafadi , located on the border of South Africa and Lesotho .
Seweweekspoortpiek and Du Toits Peak are among the ultra prominent peaks of Africa .
A few mountains , such as Spion Kop or Isandlwana are historically important hills , even though they are relatively not very high .
Table Mountain is important because of its emblematic value .
" Stay ( Faraway , So Close ! ) "
is a song by rock band U2 .
It is the fifth track on their 1993 album , Zooropa , and was released as the album 's third single on 22 November 1993 .
The music video was shot in Berlin , Germany .
The earliest incarnation of the song developed during sessions for the group 's 1991 album Achtung Baby .
Members of U2 consider it to be one of their favourite songs ; guitarist The Edge named it the best track on the album , while lead singer Bono stated that it was one of their best creations .
The Used is an American rock band formed in Orem , Utah , in 2001 .
The group consists of vocalist Bert McCracken , bassist Jeph Howard , drummer Dan Whitesides , and guitarist Joey Bradford .
The group signed to Reprise Records and rose to fame in June 2002 after releasing their self - titled debut album .
They followed up with their second album , In Love and Death , in September 2004 and their third album , Lies for the Liars , in May 2007 .
Shallow Believer , an EP that featured most of the band 's B - sides , was released in February 2008 .
They spent 2008 working on their fourth studio album , Artwork , which was released in August 2009 .
A fifth album , titled Vulnerable , was released in March 2012 through the independent label Hopeless Records .
In summer 2013 they released another EP titled The Ocean of the Sky .
Their sixth album , Imaginary Enemy , released in April 2014 .
Their 7th studio album titled The Canyon was released October 27 , 2017 .
– November 2 , 2001 ) was a leading Lithuanian - Jewish Haredi rabbi in Bnei Brak , Israel .
He also served as one of three co - deans of the Ponevezh Yeshiva in Bnei Brak , along with Rabbis Shmuel Rozovsky and Dovid Povarsky .
The Kaohsiung Incident , also known as the Formosa Incident , the Meilidao Incident or the Formosa Magazine incident , was the result of pro - democracy demonstrations that occurred in Kaohsiung , Taiwan , on 10 December 1979 .
The incident occurred when Formosa Magazine , headed by veteran opposition legislator Huang Shin - chieh , and other opposition politicians held a demonstration commemorating Human Rights Day in an effort to promote and demand democracy in Taiwan .
At that time , the Republic of China was a one - party state and the government used this protest as an excuse to arrest the main leaders of the political opposition .
The Kaohsiung Incident is widely regarded as a seminal event in the post - war history of Taiwan and the watershed of the Taiwan democratization movements .
María Alicia Lemme ( born 1954 ) is an Argentine Peronist politician .
She is a former Vice - Governor and Governor of San Luis Province and also former Mayor of San Luis .
Born in Villa Mercedes , San Luis Province , Lemme became an architect by profession and served as Mayor of Juana Koslay ( 1991 – 97 ) , and in the Provincial Legislature ( 1997 – 99 ) .
She was elected Vice - Governor of the Province alongside Adolfo Rodríguez Saá in 1999 .
Rodríguez Saá 's appointment as President of Argentina by Congress in December 2001 left Lemme the governorship .
She was the first female governor since the restoration of democracy .
Lemme stepped down in 2003 , allowing Alberto Rodríguez Saá to stand for election to the Governorship formerly held by his brother Adolfo .
In 2006 , Lemme took a leave of absence from Congress .
She was elected as Mayor of San Luis in August 2007 with just over 50 % of the vote defeating incumbent Mayor Alfonso Vergés , the candidate of the Front for Victory of then President Néstor Kirchner .
Gilbert Heron Miller ( July 3 , 1884 - January 2 , 1969 ) was an American theatrical producer .
Born in New York City , he was the son of English - born theatrical producer Henry Miller ( 1859 – 1926 ) and Bijou Heron , a former child actress .
Gilbert Miller died in 1969 and was interred in the Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx , New York .
Gales Creek is an unincorporated community in Washington County , Oregon , United States on Oregon Route 8 northwest of Forest Grove in the foothills of the Oregon Coast Range .
Gales Creek shares its name with a stream , a tributary of the Tualatin River , that was named for pioneer Joseph Gale , who settled in the area The locale was sometimes called Gales City .
Gales Creek Elementary School was established in 1859 and is served by the Forest Grove School District .
The community is part of the Forest Grove Fire and Rescue district and has a fire station .
Iñaki Ochoa de Olza ( May 29 , 1967 in Pamplona , Navarre – May 23 , 2008 in Annapurna , Nepal ) was a Spanish mountaineer , alpinist and climber .
The Stephen Phillips House is a historic house and museum located in the McIntire Historic District in Salem , Massachusetts , United States and was designed by Samuel McIntyre .
When he died in 1799 , his daughter , Elizabeth and her husband , Captain Nathaniel West , inherited his farm in Danvers , Massachusetts .
" If This Is n't Love " is a song recorded by American recording artist Jennifer Hudson .
The song was released as the second single from the album following " Spotlight " in 2009 .
Beaver River is a hamlet that is six tenths of a mile square , at the east end of Stillwater Reservoir , in the town of Webb in Herkimer County , New York , United States .
The hamlet is surrounded by the Adirondack Park .
The New York Central Railroad right of way , on the National Register of Historic Places passes through the hamlet ; an existing bunkhouse is a part of the historic property .
Leonardtown is a town in and the county seat of St. Mary 's County , Maryland , United States .
Leonardtown is perhaps most famous for the national oyster - shucking championship that occurs annually at the St. Mary 's County fairgrounds .
Historic Leonardtown includes both a large public high school and a public middle school Leonardtown Middle School as well as a Catholic high school and an elementary school Leonardtown Elementary School , offices of the county government , and MedStar St. Mary 's Hospital which serves the healthcare needs of the county .
The College of Southern Maryland maintains a growing satellite campus within city limits , including an aquatic center .
An upscale home development located in the Breton Bay area is just outside town , notable for both its country club golf course and swimming pool .
Leonardtown 's population has grown significantly since 1990 as a result of the town 's proximity to Patuxent River Naval Air Station and the Washington , DC metro area .
Edward Mandell House ( July 26 , 1858 – March 28 , 1938 ) was an American diplomat , politician , and an adviser to President Woodrow Wilson .
He was a highly influential back - stage politician in Texas before becoming a key supporter of the presidential bid of Wilson in 1912 .
Edith L. Tiempo ( April 22 , 1919 – August 21 , 2011 ) , poet , fiction writer , teacher and literary critic was a Filipino writer in the English language .
Together with her late husband , writer and critic Edilberto K. Tiempo , they founded ( in 1962 ) and directed the Silliman National Writers Workshop in Dumaguete City , which has produced some of the Philippines ' best writers .
Pattukkottai is a town in Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The town came to prominence throughout Southern India after the construction of the fort by Vanaji Pandithar , a feudatory of the Thanjavur Maratha ruler Shahuji I in 1686 – 87 .
Pattukkottai comes under the Pattukkottai assembly constituency which elects a member to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly once every five years and it is a part of the Thanjavur ( Lok Sabha constituency ) which elects its Member of Parliament ( MP ) once in five years .
Roadways and railways are the major mode of transportation to Pattukkottai and the nearest international airport is Tiruchirapalli Airport , located away from the town , in the city of Tiruchirappalli .
, also known as i Love Katamari , is a third - person puzzle - action video game developed by Namco Bandai Games for iOS .
It is a continuation of the Katamari Damacy series of games .
Music for a Blue Train is a 48-minute 2003 documentary about busker musicians in the Montreal Metro subway train system .
Public holidays in Canada , known as statutory holidays , stat holidays , or simply stats , consist of a variety of cultural , nationalistic , and religious holidays that are legislated in Canada at the federal or provincial and territorial levels .
Currently , the provinces of Alberta and Prince Edward Island have the most legislated holidays in comparison to other provinces and territories , with 12 days off .
École Polytechnique (; also known as EP or X ) is a French public institution of higher education and research in Palaiseau , a suburb southwest of Paris .
It is one of the most prestigious and selective French grandes écoles .
Initially located in the Latin Quarter of central Paris , the school 's main buildings were moved in 1976 to Palaiseau on the Saclay Plateau .
It is a founding member of ParisTech , a grouping of leading engineering colleges in the Paris region established in 2007 .
In 2014 it also became a founding member of the confederal University of Paris - Saclay .
Among its alumni are three Nobel prize winners , three Presidents of France and many CEOs of French and international companies .
During the 19th century , the specific model of École Polytechnique inspired the foundation of other well - known schools also named " Polytechnic , " such as Polytechnique Montréal and Caltech ( initially a vocational school named the Throop " Polytechnic " Institute ) .
Mega Man ZX Advent , known in Japan as , is a video game developed by Inti Creates and published by Capcom for the Nintendo DS handheld game console .
It is the sequel to Mega Man ZX and its most recent installment .
Taking place a few years after the events of the first game , Mega Man ZX Advent follows two new protagonists , Grey and Ashe , as they battle with various enemy " Mega Men " , the infamous " Model W " , and their own destinies .
The Nushagak River ( Iilgayaq in Central Alaskan Yup'ik ) is a river in southwest Alaska , United States .
It begins in the Alaska Range and flows southwest to Nushagak Bay , an inlet of Bristol Bay , east of Dillingham , Alaska .
Other navigable tributaries include the Nuyakuk River and the King Salmon River .
The Iowithla River and the Kokwok River are smaller tributaries .
The villages of Portage Creek , Ekwok , Koliganek and New Stuyahok are on the river .
The Nushagak River is downstream of the proposed Pebble Mine , whose tailings storage lake would sit at the headwaters of the Koktuli River , one of the Nushagak 's tributaries .
The Qu River ( ) is a tributary of the Nanpan River ( Pearl River ) in Yunnan province , southwestern China .
The Qu rises in southwestern Jiangchuan County and flows through the Yuxi City , Eshan Yi Autonomous County , Tonghai County , Jianshui County and Huaning County to reach its mouth at the Panxi Town of the Huaning County .
Annibale Carracci ( whose brother Agostino studied with Passerotti ) was influenced by Passerotti 's genre scenes in a select set of paintings ( such as The Beaneater and The Butcher 's Shop , the latter being originally attributed to Passerotti ) .
Four of Passerotti 's sons , including Ventura , Aurelio , Tiburzio and Passarotto were painters .
The Out Crowd was a U.S. indie rock band featuring bass guitarist Matt Hollywood , a former member of The Brian Jonestown Massacre .
He formed the group in late 2001 in Portland , Oregon with drummer Stuart Valentine , guitarist Elliott Barnes , bassist Joe Patterson and tambourine player Sarah Jane .
The Out Crowd supported fellow neo - psychedelic bands Dead Meadow and The Warlocks nationally in 2004 as well as The Dandy Warhols on their 2005 North American tour .
Since the demise of the band , Matt Hollywood has been recording songs and playing shows for his new project The Rebel Drones , Sarah Jane joined Portland band The Upsidedown and Stuart Valentine has been releasing solo material .
Kamerik is a town in the Dutch province of Utrecht .
It is a part of the municipality of Woerden , and lies about 3   km north of Woerden .
In 2010 , the town of Kamerik ( including Kanis ) had 3808 inhabitants .
The built - up area of the town was 0.43   km² , and contained 877 residences .
The statistical district " Kamerik and Kanis " , which includes two villages and the surrounding countryside , has a population of around 3050 .
This does not include the separate villages of Kamerik - Mijzijde and Oud - Kamerik .
Between 1818 and 1857 , it was split into two municipalities : Kamerik - Mijzijde on the west side , and Kamerik - Houtdijken on the east .
The Immigration Depot ( , Aapravasi Ghat ) is a building complex located in Port Louis on the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius , the first British colony to receive indentured , or contracted , labour workforce from India .
The Immigration Depot has thus become an important reference point in the history and cultural identity of Mauritius .
Mats Rådberg , born 8 June 1948 in Brännkyrka Parish in Stockholm , Sweden is a Swedish country singer , guitarist , composer and architect scoring several chart successes in Sweden during the 1970s and 80s .
In 1980 , he released the album I 'm the Singer , You 're the Song together with Elisabeth Andreasson , and in 1983 he scored a hit with the song Peta in en pinne i brasan , a Swedish - language version of Put Another Log on the Fire .
Iva imbricata is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names dune marsh - elder and seacoast marsh elder .
It is native to Cuba , the Bahamas , and coastal areas of the United States from Texas to Virginia .
John III Comyn , Lord of Badenoch and Lord of Lochaber , also known simply as the Red Comyn ( c. 1269 – 10 February 1306 ) , was a Scottish nobleman who was an important figure in the First War of Scottish Independence , and was Guardian of Scotland during the Second Interregnum ( 1296 – 1306 ) .
His father , John II Comyn , Lord of Badenoch , known as the Black Comyn , was one of the Competitors for the Crown of Scotland , claiming his descent from King Donald III of Scotland .
His mother was Eleanor Balliol , daughter of John I de Balliol , father of King John Balliol ( r. 1292 – 1296 ) .
He had , moreover , links with the royal house of England : in the early 1290s he married Joan de Valence , daughter of William de Valence , 1st Earl of Pembroke , an uncle of Edward I of England .
The Negri River is a river in Australia .
It flows from the Northern Territory into Western Australia , where it merges with the Ord River to become part of the Ord River catchment .
He has worked on many features for the BBC including : interviewing Buddhist monk Wirathu and members of Burma 's Muslim community who have been caught up in clashes with Buddhist nationalists in 2013 , accompanying Greenpeace tracking whales hunted by the Japanese whaling fleet ; and violence against journalists by Sudanese security forces outside Khartoum , Sudan where he was attacked .
From 2012 to 2014 , Fisher was the BBC 's correspondent in Bangkok where he covered anti - government protesters in Bangkok as demonstrators try to unseat the Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra .
Claude Pascal ( Paris , February 19 , 1921 – Paris , February 28 , 2017 ) was a French composer .
After studying at the Conservatoire de Paris , he obtained the 1945 Premier Prix de Rome for the cantata , La farce du contre Bandier .
The Grand Magazine was the first British pulp magazine .
Published by George Newnes , it initially emulated Newnes 's highly successful Strand Magazine , featuring a mix of fiction and non - fiction .
In 1908 , it was renamed The Grand Magazine of Fiction .
Dr. Thomas A. McLaughlin ( 1896 - 28 May 1971 ) was an Irish engineer from Drogheda , Co . Louth , and one of the key people in the Shannon hydroelectric scheme , an early icon of the Irish Free State .
He then helped establish the Electricity Supply Board ( ESB ) which distributed electricity across Ireland and promoted the rural electrification of Ireland .
He was impressed with the success of electrifying Pomerania , an area in Germany similar in scale to Ireland .
Sima Shi ( ) ( 208 – March 255 ) , courtesy name Ziyuan , was a military general and regent of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of China .
In 249 , he assisted his father Sima Yi in overthrowing the emperor Cao Fang 's regent Cao Shuang , allowing the Sima family to become paramount authority in the state , and he inherited his father 's authority after his father 's death in 251 .
This tight grip eventually allowed him to , at the time of his death in 255 , transition his power to his younger brother Sima Zhao , whose son Sima Yan eventually usurped the throne and established the Jin dynasty .
After Sima Yan became emperor , he , recognising Sima Shi 's role in his own imperial status , posthumously honoured his uncle as Emperor Jing ( 景帝 ) , with the temple name Shizong ( 世宗 ) .
Helldivers is a top - down shooter game developed by Arrowhead Game Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment .
Since 2002 he has been the Chairman and President of News World Communications , which owns United Press International , and numerous other publications , including the Middle East Times , and Tiempos del Mundo , a Spanish - language newspaper published in 16 countries throughout the Americas .
His daughter , Jun Sook Kwak , is married to Moon 's son , Hyun Jin Moon .
Paskač had a son , Vlatko Paskačić , ( hence , the family is also known as Vlatković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Влатковић , Vlatkovići / Влатковићи ) ) who received the title of sevastokrator in 1365 , when Vukašin Mrnjavčević was declared co - ruler as King of Serbs and Greeks .
Károly Güttler ( born 15 June 1968 in Budapest ) is a former breaststroker from Hungary , who represented his native country at four consecutive Olympics , beginning with the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul and ending with the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Güttler enjoyed a productive year in 1993 when he won gold and silver in the 100   m and 200   m breaststroke respectively at the European Championships in Sheffield , United Kingdom .
" The Invisible Man " is a song by the British rock band Queen , written by drummer Roger Taylor but credited to Queen .
Originally released on the album The Miracle , it was released as a single in 1989 .
The Famatinian orogeny ( ) is an orogeny that predates the rise of the Andes and that took place in what is now western South America during the Paleozoic , leading to the formation of the Famatinian orogen also known as the Famatinian belt .
The Famatinian orogeny lasted from the Late Cambrian to at least the Late Devonian and possibly the Early Carboniferous , with orogenic activity peaking about 490 to 460 million years ago .
The relationship of the orogeny with the Achala and Cerro Aspero batholiths of central Argentina is not fully understood .
These Devonian batholiths are possibly of post - orogenic character .
Bertrand de Poulengy or Polongy , nicknamed Pollichon , was said to be born in 1392 , somewhere in the Champagne region of France .
His father was a nobleman named Jean De Poulengy , though no information is currently known about his mother .
Milton is a town in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia , within the City of Shoalhaven .
Today , Milton remains one of the two main commercial centres of the Milton - Ulladulla district , with a population at the of 1,663 .
It is a popular stopping place for travellers on the Princes Highway which runs through the centre of town .
Cagayán ( ) (; ; ) is a province of the Philippines in the Cagayan Valley region in the northeast of Luzon Island , and includes the Babuyan Islands to the north .
Its capital is the city of Tuguegarao .
Called La Provincia de Cagayan , its borders essentially covered the entire Cagayan Valley , which included the present provinces of Isabela , Quirino , Nueva Vizcaya , Batanes and portions of Kalinga and Apayao .
The former capital was Nueva Segovia , which also served as the seat of the Diocese of Nueva Segovia .
Smith 's Bible Dictionary , originally named A Dictionary of the Bible , is a 19th - century Bible dictionary containing upwards of four thousand entries that became named after its editor , William Smith .
The original dictionary was published as a three - volume set in 1863 , in London and Boston , USA .
The Holy Cross Church ( ) , also known as Hanga Roa Church or simply Catholic Church of Hanga Roa is the name of the religious building affiliated with the Catholic Church in the " Te Pito Te Henua " Street in the city of Hanga Roa , the capital and greater city of the Easter Island , a Territory of Chile in the Pacific Ocean .
The pale - breasted thrush ( Turdus leucomelas ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae .
It is found in a wide range of wooded habitats in eastern and northern South America , from Colombia to Uruguay , with localized population in the west .
In Suriname it is locally known as " Boontjedief , " which means " bean thief " in Suriname Dutch , presumably based on its habit of picking off legumes left out to dry in the sun .
The Emergency ( ) was the state of emergency which existed in the state of Ireland during the Second World War .
The state of emergency was proclaimed by Dáil Éireann on 2 September 1939 , allowing the passage of the Emergency Powers Act 1939 by the Oireachtas the following day .
There are 39 counties in the U.S. state of Washington .
Washington came from what was the western part of Washington Territory and was admitted to the Union as the 42nd state in 1889 .
Eight of the counties were created by Oregon governments prior to the organization of Washington Territory , 26 were created during Washington 's territorial period , and five more were created after Washington became a state ( Benton , Chelan , Grant , Ferry , and Pend Oreille ) .
Article XI of the Washington State Constitution addresses the organization of counties .
A number of county partition proposals in the 1990s interpreted this as a majority of people who voted , until a 1998 ruling by the Washington Supreme Court clarified that they would need a majority of registered voters .
The Palace Rebellion was a 1949 coup attempt in Thailand .
Although in the People 's Republic of China , he still maintained contacts with his supporters in Thailand and , with their help , he laid plans for a countercoup .
In the first week of February 1949 , he secretly returned to Thailand .
In the meanwhile , the Royal Thai Navy and the Royal Thai Marine Corps took up defensive positions around Bangkok , to protect their allies .
The Love , Death & Mussolini E.P.
was a cassette released by Steven Wilson under the pseudonym of ' Porcupine Tree ' .
It compiles a total of nine tracks of which seven were shortly after released in The Nostalgia Factory .
The song " Out " was later included on the vinyl edition of the compilation album Yellow Hedgerow Dreamscape and the 2013 CD remaster of the album .
" It Will Rain for a Million Years " shares its name with a track in On the Sunday of Life ... but is a totally different song and is elsewhere unavailable .
Pearce Bailey ( 1865 – 1922 ) was an American neurologist and psychiatrist , educated at Princeton and Columbia Universities .
He became a consultant in several New York hospitals and with Collins and Frankel founded the Neurological Institute .
On the entry of the United States into World War I , he was appointed chief of the division of neurology and psychiatry in the United States army with the rank of colonel .
At the time of his death , Bailey was chairman of the New York State Committee for Mental Defectives .
Petersfield is a market town and civil parish in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire , England .
It is north of Portsmouth , via the A3 road .
The town has its own railway station on the Portsmouth Direct Line , the mainline rail link connecting Portsmouth and London .
Situated on the northern slopes of the South Downs , Petersfield lies wholly within the South Downs National Park .
Petersfield is twinned with Barentin in France , and Warendorf in Germany .
RJ Hadley ( born Rakeim Jerhal Hadley on January 14 , 1969 ) is a Democratic Party activist and current Tax Commissioner of Rockdale County , Georgia .
In 2008 he was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention representing Georgia .
He has been a member of the Rockdale County Democratic Party since 2006 and was elected to its executive board in 2010 .
He has also held software technology positions in the United States and abroad with the Federal Aviation Administration , Motorola , and Logica .
In 2009 , he was appointed Chief of Staff for Rockdale County .
In 2010 , Hadley sought the Democratic Party 's nomination for Senate in Georgia , losing to Labor Commissioner Mike Thurmond .
On January 29 , 2011 , he was elected Vice - Chair of County Parties with the Democratic Party of Georgia .
Pressure Chief is the fifth studio album by American band Cake .
The second single " Carbon Monoxide " garnered some airplay but failed to crack the Modern Rock Tracks top 40 .
The album was the band 's second and last record under Columbia Records .
The songs " She 'll Hang the Baskets " and " Tougher Than It Is " were both originally written for Cake 's 1998 record Prolonging the Magic .
Nimbin is a village in the Northern Rivers area of the Australian state of New South Wales , approximately north of Lismore , northeast of Kyogle , and west of Byron Bay .
Lisberg raised the flag for the first time on Faroese soil on 22 June 1919 on returning to his home town of Fámjin .
" Out of My Head " is a song by American rapper Lupe Fiasco , released as the third single from his third studio album , Lasers .
The single features vocals from American R&B ; singer Trey Songz , and features production from record producer Miykal Snoddy , with co - production from fellow producers Jerry Wonda and Arden Altino .
The song was released as a digital download on May 22 , 2011 , along with the rest of Lasers .
Fiasco performed this single with Trey Songz at the 2011 MTV Movie Awards .
Mary Catherine Crawford ( born 12 April 1947 ) was an Australian politician .
Born in Toowoomba , Queensland , she was educated at the University of Queensland before becoming a teacher .
However , a redistribution ahead of the election pushed Forde into some rural , conservative - leaning territory in the Scenic Rim .
The Assumption of the Virgin , 1475 - 1476 , is a large ( 228.6 x 377.2   cm ) painting in tempera on wood panel by Francesco Botticini .
In Heaven above , surrounded by the nine choirs of angels , Jesus raises his hand in blessing to his kneeling mother .
Together with Palmieri 's poem La città di vita , this mixing of saints with angels raised questions about the orthodoxy of the donor Palmieri , and possibly that of the painter Botticini himself .
Soccer Kid is a platform video game created by UK - based developer Krisalis and released in 1993 for the Commodore Amiga , 1994 for the Super NES , PC , Amiga CD32 and 3DO Interactive Multiplayer .
He came to Canada with John Graves Simcoe and built one of the first residential homes in York ( now Toronto ) .
His son , Charles Small , expanded the home which was later called Berkeley House .
John Harvey Tolan (; January 15 , 1877 – June 30 , 1947 ) was a U.S. Representative from California .
Born in St. Peter , Minnesota , Tolan attended the public schools .
He was admitted to the bar the same year and commenced the practice of law in Anaconda , Montana and served as attorney of Deer Lodge County , Montana from 1904 to 1906 .
He moved to Oakland , California , in 1914 and continued the practice of law .
Tolan was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy - fourth and to the five succeeding Congresses ( January 3 , 1935 – January 3 , 1947 ) .
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1946 to the Eightieth Congress .
He died in Westwood , Los Angeles , California , on June 30 , 1947 .
He was interred at Holy Sepulchre Cemetery , Hayward , California .
The Four - Stage Theory of the Republic of China or the Theory of the Four Stages of the Republic of China is a viewpoint proposed by Chen Shui - bian , the President of the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) from 2000 to 2008 , in 2005 .
( Chinese : 中華民國是臺灣 ) ( during Chen Shui - bian 's presidency ) ( 2000 – 2008 )
Cape Campbell , Te Karaka in the Māori language , is in Marlborough , New Zealand , on the northeastern coast of the South Island .
It lies at the southern end of Clifford Bay , northeast of Ward , and southeast of Blenheim .
Cape Campbell lies close to the salt works at Lake Grassmere .
The Cape Campbell Lighthouse has guided ships rounding the cape since 1870 .
The third night of the Cape Campbell Track is spent at Cape Campbell , where the lighthouse keepers once stayed .
When walking the Cape Campbell Track , a four - day private walking track , walkers retrace part of the original packtrack used by the lighthouse keepers to obtain vital supplies from the Flaxbourne Station Homestead where the first telegraph office stood .
Hemnes is a municipality in Nordland county , Norway .
The administrative centre of the municipality is the village of Korgen .
Other villages include Bjerka , Bleikvasslia , Hemnesberget , and Sund .
The municipality is the 43rd largest by area out of the 422 municipalities in Norway .
Hemnes is the 219th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 4,524 .
Sebestyanos ( reigned c. 1703 - c. 1718 ) was a ruler of Shewa , an important Amhara noble of Ethiopia .
He was one of the sons of Negasi Krestos .
According to Donald Levine , Sebestyanos ' father , Negasi Krestos , proclaimed in his will that his oldest son Akawa would inherit his " throne " .
Sebestyanos would receive his spear , silver cutlass , and gilded shield .
However , drought and famine afflicted Shewa : the nobility deposed Akawa in favor of his younger son Daña .
Dreading the fighting that he knew would follow , Sebestyanos fled Menz to the safety of Merhabete , where he served the governor .
Meanwhile , his relatives grew dissatisfied with his brother Daña , and successfully lured Sebestyanos back to Menz , where his victories over the neighboring Oromo inevitably led him to fight his brother .
He defeated Daña and proclaimed himself ruler of Menz .
Although his father Negasi Krestos failed to gain the grant of the title of Meridazmach from Emperor Iyasus I , Sebestyanos assumed the title .
His son Qedami Qal had been rebuilding some of the churches that had been destroyed by Ahmad Gragn , one of which was in Doqaqit dedicated to St. Michael .
Part of the ceremony required the tabot in the church in ' Ayne , where his father was living , and it was secretly removed to Doqaqit .
Sebestyanos understood this as an act of rebellion , and set forth to capture and discipline his son ; however , in the ensuing battle one of Qedami Qal 's servants accidentally killed the Meridazmach .
The National Underground Railroad Freedom Center is a museum in downtown Cincinnati , Ohio based on the history of the Underground Railroad .
It is one of a new group of " museums of conscience " in the United States , along with the Museum of Tolerance , the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum and the National Civil Rights Museum .
Its location recognizes the significant role of Cincinnati in the history of the Underground Railroad , as thousands of slaves escaped to freedom by crossing the Ohio River from the southern slave states .
Twenty - one individuals have held the office of Governor of Washington since the state 's admission to the Union , with Arthur B. Langlie serving non - consecutive terms .
Washington Territory had 14 territorial governors from its organization in 1853 until the formation of the state of Washington in 1889 .
Territorial governors were appointed by the President of the United States .
Shin Mi - sung ( born April 15 , 1978 in Seoul ) is a South Korean curler .
Shin competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics for South Korea .
She began the tournament playing second , but ended up playing only four of the nine games , as the South Korean team went 3 - 6 to finish in a tie for 8th .
Robert Emmet Hagan ( March 22 , 1921 – January 17 , 1999 ) was an American politician of the Democratic Party .
Hagan was an ironworker in Youngstown and served as a county commissioner in Trumbull County , Ohio , before being elected to the Ohio General Assembly in the district of his adopted hometown of Madison , Ohio .
Hagan 's son Timothy Hagan was a county commissioner in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , for 16 years and was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Ohio in 2002 and was once - again elected Cuyahoga County Commissioner in 2004 .
Portline Transportes Marítimos Internacionais , SA . , often simply called Portline is a Portuguese shipping company .
Duluth High School is a public secondary school in Duluth , a suburb of Atlanta , Georgia , United States .
It provides education for grades 9 - 12 and is operated by Gwinnett County Public Schools .
The school was built in 1958 to serve Duluth , Berkeley Lake , and unincorporated portions of western Gwinnett County .
In its 2012 Georgia rankings , U.S. News & World Report ranked it tenth among all public , charter and magnet schools , fourth among all public schools , and first among all Gwinnett County public schools .
Niche ranked Duluth as the most diverse public high school in Georgia and the 25th most diverse public high school in America .
Black Butter Records is a formerly independent record label based in London , England that releases various styles of electronic music .
The label releases mostly singles , and has put out the first releases of artists including Clean Bandit , Rudimental , and Jessie Ware .
Perry Watson ( born April 30 , 1950 ) is an American college basketball coach from Detroit , Michigan .
He played for Eastern Michigan University , graduating in 1972 .
In 1977 , Watson took the head coaching position at Detroit Southwestern High School where he coached , among others , future NBA players Jalen Rose , Voshon Lenard and Howard Eisley .
Watson left Southwestern to take a position on Steve Fisher 's staff at the University of Michigan in 1991 , coinciding with the arrival of the Fab Five of which Rose was a member .
After two years as an assistant under Fisher , Watson was hired as the head coach at the University of Detroit Mercy , where he spent the next fifteen seasons .
Słupsk (; also known by several alternative names ) is a city in the Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , with a population of 98,757 inhabitants .
It occupies and , according to the Central Statistical Office , Słupsk is one of the most densely populated cities in the country .
Located near the Baltic Sea and on the Słupia River , the city is the administrative seat of Słupsk County and was until 1999 the capital of Słupsk Voivodeship .
The neighbouring administrative districts ( gminas ) are Kobylnica and Gmina Słupsk .
In 1648 , according to the peace treaty of Osnabrück , Stolp became part of Brandenburg - Prussia .
After World War II the city was assigned to Poland as part of the recovered territories .
The IUPUI Jaguars men 's basketball team is the men 's basketball team that represents Indiana University – Purdue University Indianapolis in Indianapolis , Indiana , United States .
The school 's team currently competes in the Horizon League .
The first year of IUPUI basketball was 1971 – 72 and the school competed as a NCAA Division III Independent .
From 1982 to 2014 , the Jaguars played on campus at The Jungle , which seated 1,215 .
Beginning with the 2014–15 season , the Jaguars play their home games at the Indiana Farmers Coliseum on the State Fairgrounds .
David Marks was born on 15 December 1952 in Stockholm , Sweden , the son of Gunilla ( née Lovén ) and Melville Marks , a journalist and film producer .
Marks was married to fellow architect Julia Barfield and they formed the architecture firm Marks Barfield .
There are 130 species of amphisbaenians , most found in Spain , Africa , South Africa , and the Caribbean islands .
" I 'm Real " is the name of two songs recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez , both primarily for her second studio album J.Lo ( 2001 ) .
The original version was released as the album 's fourth single ; Ja Rule of Murder Inc Records wrote and was featured on a new version of the song entitled " I 'm Real ( Murder Remix ) " , which was featured on a re - issue of J.Lo in July 2001 , on Lopez 's remix album J to tha L – O !
The Remixes ( 2002 ) , and Ja Rule 's third studio album Pain Is Love ( 2001 ) .
The Serbian Second Army ( ) was a Serbian field army that fought during the Balkan Wars and World War I.
During the First Balkan War , the Second Army participated in the Battle of Kumanovo ( 23 - October 24 , 1912 ) along with the Serbian First Army and the Serbian Third Army and was deployed in the area around Kyustendil .
In World War I , the second Army fought in the successful Battles of Cer , Drina and Kolubra in 1914 .
Bergen Airport , Sandviken ( ) is a water airport and heliport situated in the Sandviken neighborhood of Bergen , Norway .
The aerodrome is located on the artificial peninsula of Kristiansholm .
It is currently serving seaplane and helicopters operated by Fonnafly aimed at air taxi services at cruise ship tourists .
The airport is owned by Bergen Municipality through Bergen Port Authority and is part of the Bergen Port .
The airlines moved their scheduled flights to Bergen Airport , Hjellestad from 1948 to 1951 .
Bergen Airport , Flesland opened in 1955 , thus removing most of the traffic from Sandviken .
Wuxi Big Bridge Experimental High School ( Wuxi Big Bridge Academy ) ( Chinese:无锡市大桥实验中学 pinyin：wú xī dà qiáo shí yàn zhōng xué ) , founded in 1993 , is a private high school located in the downtown historical Xueqianjie neighborhood of Wuxi , Jiangsu Province , China .
With the teachers’ efforts , graduates went off to top universities in the nation and around the world , which include , among many others , Qinghua , Peking , Fudan , and Nanjing in China , and Harvard , MIT , Cambridge , Oxford , and Amsterdam University College overseas .
Wuxi Big Bridge Experimental High School also offers students opportunities to study in Hwa Chong Institution , Singapore after they finish 3 years of study .
Speech is the fourth ( and final ) album of the British blues - rock band Steamhammer .
The band continued with American singer / guitarist Bruce Payne and drummer John Lingwood , touring in Germany in support of the album , where they were more popular than back home in England .
The Maximato was a period in the historical and political development of Mexico from 1928 to 1934 .
Calles could not hold the presidency again , due to restrictions on re - election without an interval out of power , but he remained the dominant figure in Mexico .
Secondly , Calles created an enduring political institution , the Partido Nacional Revolucionario ( PNR ) , that held presidential power from 1929 until 2000 .
Kualanamu International Airport Station is a train station located in Kualanamu International Airport , North Sumatra , Indonesia .
The station is only about 50 meters from the Kualanamu airport building .
The station is currently served by a train service from the Kualanamu ARS ( Airport Railink Service ) Medan Station towards this station .
Platforms 1 and 3 are used for passengers arriving from Medan , while the second platform is used for passengers leaving for Medan Station .
This station is operated by Railink , and is the first airport train station in Indonesia .
The Democratic Modernist Pole ( ) ( ) ( PDM ) was a Tunisian political coalition created for the Tunisian Constituent Assembly election of 23 October 2011 .
On 7 September it announced candidate lists for the Constituent Assembly election in all the 33 constituencies at home and abroad .
He was born in Limerick , Ireland , in 1933 and worked for over forty years in the arts in Ireland .
In 1975 , he received a Jacob 's Award for his direction of three television plays broadcast on RTÉ in the previous year : Aleksei Arbuzov 's The Promise , Bertolt Brecht 's Mother Courage , and Jean Anouilh 's The Rehearsal ( " La Répétition ou l'Amour puni " ) .
Historically , Zenkō - ji is perhaps most famous for its involvement in the battles between Uesugi Kenshin and Takeda Shingen in the 16th century , when it served as one of Kenshin 's bases of operations .
Currently , Zenkō - ji is one of the few remaining pilgrimage sites in Japan .
Zenkō - ji was founded before Buddhism in Japan split into several different sects .
It currently belongs to both the Tendai and Jōdoshū schools of Buddhism , and is co - managed by twenty - five priests from the former school , and fourteen from the latter .
The temple enshrines images of the Amida Buddha .
The main Buddhist image is a hibutsu ( secret Buddha ) , a hidden Buddha statue , not shown to the public .
This hibutsu is rumored to be the first Buddha statue to ever be brought to Japan .
When the statue was on display in 2003 , Zenkō - ji cooperated with Motozenkō - ji and Zenkō - ji of Kofu , Yamanashi Prefecture .
The temple contains a statue of Binzuru , a physician who was said to be Buddha 's follower .
Groat Road is an arterial road in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Groat Road is part of a continuous roadway that runs through Sherwood Park , Edmonton , and St.   Albert that includes Wye Road , Sherwood Park Freeway , Whyte Avenue , portions of University Avenue and Saskatchewan Drive , and St.   Albert Trail .
Groat Road begins at the roundabout west of the University of Alberta at 87   Avenue , where it continues south as Saskatchewan Drive .
It continues north with a speed limit and descends into the North Saskatchewan River valley , crossing the North Saskatchewan River along the Groat Bridge .
It winds through the Groat Ravine with a speed limit , becoming north of 107   Avenue where it leaves the river valley .
The Groat Road designation ends at signalised traffic circle at 118   Avenue , continuing north as St. Albert Trail .
Because of their short lengths , Wayne Gretzky Drive and Groat Road are the only freeways in Edmonton not to have a highway designation , until the completion of Terwillegar Drive .
The earliest constitution establishing a " Philippine Republic , " the 1899 Malolos Constitution , was never fully implemented throughout the Philippines and did not establish a state that was internationally recognized , due in great part to the ongoing American invasion during the time of its adoption .
Taraklı is a historic district in northwestern Turkey .
It is surrounded by forest and located approximately midway between Istanbul and Ankara in the Sakarya Province of the Marmara region .
Nearby attractions include thermal springs , the Karagöl Plateau , and Hark Canyon and Cave .
The Yunus Pasha Mosque , built in 1517 by Ottoman architect Mimar Sinan , lies at the center of Tarakli .
" Fall Back Down " is a song by the American punk rock band Rancid .
It was released as the first single from their sixth album , Indestructible .
" Fall Back Down " was written by Tim Armstrong and Lars Frederiksen after Armstrong 's divorce from Distillers vocalist Brody Dalle , and is about friendship .
The video featured guest appearances from Benji Madden of Good Charlotte and Kelly Osbourne , a move which was criticized by some Rancid fans as a sign that they had sold out .
The song features three guitar solos , two by Tim Armstrong and one by Lars Frederiksen .
Canadian musician Lights recorded a cover for her EP titled " Acoustic " in 2010 .
" The People " is a song by American rapper Common , released as the second single of his seventh studio album Finding Forever .
It made its first appearance on Kanye West 's Ca n't Tell Me Nothing mixtape .
The original version of the song had Common singing the hook by himself , but this was later replaced with Dwele singing the hook .
Beijing Institute of Fashion Technology ( ) is a university in Beijing , China .
In the year 1987,it was renamed again as the Beijing Institute of Clothing Technology .
In the past , Beijing Institute of Clothing Technology named depended on clothing , but in 2007 ,
Erich Klossowski or Kłossowski ( 19 December 1875   – 23 January 1949 ) was a German and Polish - French art historian and a painter , now primarily known as the father of the writer - philosopher- painter and actor Pierre Klossowski and the artist Balthus .
He was born in Ragnit , Germany .
His son Balthus added " de Rola " to his family name .
He married the artist Baladine Klossowska , whom Rainer Maria Rilke called " Merline . "
High Park was a provincial electoral district in the west - end of the old City of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
It was represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1926 to 1975 .
It was mostly redistributed into the High Park — Swansea electoral district for the 1975 Ontario general election .
The High Park provincial electoral district was notable for its electors defeating the incumbent Premier , and their Member of Provincial Parliament , George Drew , in the 1948 provincial election .
He lost his seat over the issue of temperance ; even though his Conservatives were returned with a majority government .
The old City of West Toronto Junction had been an alcohol - free area since even before it was annexed by Toronto back in 1909 , and those " dry - laws " were still current at the time of the 1948 election .
So when Drew 's government passed a new law that allowed " cocktail bars " to open in the province , his local constituents were not pleased , allowing the aptly named temperance candidate , " Temperance Bill " Temple of the Ontario Co - operative Commonwealth Federation to win .
The provincial riding had a number of colourful Members of Provincial Parliament ( MPPs ) including Drew , and his successor William Horace Temple as well as the district 's final representative , Doctor Morton Shulman .
The district was abolished during the 1975 redistribution , placing most of it in the new High Park — Swansea district .
As of 2013 , the territory it represented belongs in the current Parkdale — High Park , York South — Weston and Davenport districts .
For most of his career he was a professor and subsequently rector at the Lyceum Hosianum in Braunsberg , East Prussia ( presently Braniewo , Poland ) .
He was author of the chapter on Malpighiaceae in Adolf Engler 's " Das Pflanzenreich " , and contributed descriptions of nine plant families in Engler and Prantl 's " Die Natürlichen Pflanzenfamilien " .
" Ask " is a song recorded by the English rock band the Smiths .
It was released as a single on 20 October 1986 through Rough Trade Records .
As with most of the Smiths ' singles , it was not included on an original album .
It can be found on the compilations The World Wo n't Listen and Louder Than Bombs ( both 1987 ) as well as the live album Rank ( 1988 ) .
Linda Jean Burney ( born 25 April 1957 ) is an Australian politician , who was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Canterbury for the Australian Labor Party from 2003 to 2016 , when she resigned to contest the federal seat of Barton .
Upon her election , she became the first Aboriginal person to serve in the New South Wales Parliament .
Linda Burney is also the first Aboriginal woman to be elected to the Australian House of Representatives , winning the federal seat of Barton in the 2016 federal election .
Burney was the New South Wales Deputy Leader of the Opposition and interim leader of the Opposition and was also Shadow Minister for Education and Shadow Minister for Aboriginal Affairs .
The Stajićevo camp ( Logor Stajićevo ) was an agricultural farm in Stajićevo near Zrenjanin , Serbia ( then part of SFR Yugoslavia , then FRY ) where Croatian prisoners of war and civilians were kept by Serbian authorities .
The camp was cited in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia 's case against then Serbian president Slobodan Milošević .
The Le Blon was a French automobile manufactured in Paris by Le Blon Frères in 1898 or from 1898 - 1900 .
Gustavo Bolívar Moreno is a Colombian author , screenwriter , journalist , and elected senator for the period 2018 - 2022 .
There are three adaptations for television : a series produced by the Colombian company Caracol ( 2006 ) , a version by RTI Colombia – Telemundo and a version by Spain 's Telecinco .
He also was the creator of the telenovelas Victorinos , Ojo por ojo and Tres Caínes .
The Hudson Bay expedition of Jean - François de Galaup , comte de La Pérouse was a series of military raids on the lucrative fur trading posts and fortifications of the Hudson 's Bay Company on the shores of Hudson Bay by a squadron of the French Royal Navy .
Setting sail from Cap - Français in 1782 , the expedition was part of a global naval war between France and Great Britain during the American Revolutionary War .
Operating under secret orders from the Marquis de Castries , France 's marine minister , La Pérouse sailed from Cap - Français in May 1782 , and arrived at the Prince of Wales Fort in early August .
" Not in Love at All " is a song recorded by Barry Gibb that was included on his third solo album Moonlight Madness but was unreleased and included again on the soundtrack Hawks which was released in 1988 and later .
The song was released as a promo in Brazil by Mercury Records also that year .
On his album Now Voyager ( 1984 ) , Gibb had kept away from falsetto as if to declare his independence from the Bee Gees sound , but now he was willing to use it as one of his expressive voices .
Seven Lakes High School ( SLHS ) is a public senior high school located in Fort Bend County , Texas , United States , inside the Cinco Ranch area south of the city of Katy .
Many communities such as Seven Meadows , Grand Lakes , and Cinco Ranch are zoned to the school .
While the school has a Katy address , it is within the extraterritorial jurisdiction of Houston , and is a high school of the Katy Independent School District ( KISD ) .
The school was rated " Exemplary " by the Texas Education Agency for the 2008 - 2009 school year ( the highest rating any public high school in Texas can attain ) .
In 2016 , the school was ranked 703rd in the nation out of 27,000 public high schools in the US by US News ; The school was one of three winners of The Houston Chronicle 's Chronicle Cup in 2008 for overall athletic performance .
Anna Jordan Huff ( Mercovich ) is an American multi - media artist , composer , producer and actress best known by her stage name Anna Oxygen .
After starting her music career as a member of the Space Ballerinas , a synthpop group then based in Olympia , she recorded her debut solo album All Your Faded Things ( 2003 ) with producer Justin Trosper , before releasing her second album This Is an Exercise ( 2006 ) on the Kill Rock Stars label .
Ward first encountered the wordless novel with Frans Masereel 's The Sun ( 1919 ) while studying art in Germany in 1926 .
He returned to the United States in 1927 and established a career for himself as an illustrator .
He found Otto Nückel 's wordless novel Destiny ( 1926 ) in New York City in 1929 , and it inspired him to create such a work of his own .
Raabe is now the head baseball coach at Bethel University in St. Paul , Minnesota .
Ellen ten Damme ( born October 7 , 1967 ) is a Dutch actress , performer , singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist .
Ten Damme both sings and acts in four languages ( Dutch , English , French and German ) , and plays piano and keyboards , guitar and violin .
City of Indianapolis v. Edmond , 531 U.S. 32 ( 2000 ) , was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States limited the power of law enforcement to conduct suspicionless searches , specifically , using drug - sniffing dogs at roadblocks .
Previous Supreme Court decisions had given the police power to create roadblocks for the purposes of border security ( United States v. Martinez - Fuerte ) , and removing drunk drivers from the road ( Michigan Dept .
of State Police v. Sitz ) .
The Court drew a line on check point programs that followed Police v. Sitz ( 1990 ) " whose primary purpose " is " to detect evidence of ordinary criminal wrongdoing " .
The opinion was delivered by Justice O'Connor , joined by Justices Stevens , Kennedy , Souter , Ginsburg , and Breyer .
Northwestern Lehigh School District is a public school district in the northwestern corner of Lehigh County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
It serves Heidelberg , Lowhill , Lynn , and Weisenberg Townships .
The district is composed of approximately 2,250 students , with two elementary schools , Weisenberg Elementary and Northwestern Lehigh Elementary , one middle school , and one high school .
In 2004 - 2005 , the Northwestern Lehigh School District completed a Facility Master Plan ( FMP ) to analyze and document the status of all District facilities .
Thus , Congo is one of the most urbanized countries in Africa , with 85 % of its total population living in a few urban areas , namely in Brazzaville , Pointe - Noire , or one of the small cities or villages lining the railway which connects the two cities .
The New York firm was based out of the Tin Pan Alley district of Manhattan , New York .
The company is currently privately held by an heir , Eleanor Fisher — 29 Green Grove Avenue , Keyport , New Jersey .
The British Army during the American Revolutionary War served for eight years in campaigns fought around the globe .
Defeat at the Siege of Yorktown to a combined Franco - US force ultimately led to the loss of the Thirteen Colonies in eastern North America , and the concluding Treaty of Paris deprived Britain of many of the gains achieved in the Seven Years ' War .
In 1775 the British Army was a volunteer force .
To offset this the British government quickly hired contingents of German mercenaries to serve as auxiliaries alongside the regular army units in campaigns from 1776 .
Limited army impressment was also introduced in England and Scotland to bolster recruitment in 1778 , however the practice proved too unpopular and was proscribed again in 1780 .
" Do n't Let It End " is the third track and the second top 10 single on the 1983 album Kilroy Was Here , by Styx .
The song reached # 6 on the U.S.
Billboard Hot 100 in June 1983 and # 56 in the UK Singles Chart .
According to Dennis DeYoung in a 2005 interview with classicrockrevisited.com , the track was originally slated as the first single from Kilroy Was Here until the staff at A&M ; suggested " Mr. Roboto " .
St. Saviour 's Church ( ) is an Anglican church in Riga , Latvia at Anglikanu iela 2 .
It is located in the north of the old town centre ( Vecrīga ) , close to Riga Castle and the banks of the Daugava River .
Church use was halted during the Soviet occupation , and in 1973 it became the home of the Riga Polytechnic Institute student club .
The Cláudio Santoro National Theater ( Teatro Nacional Cláudio Santoro ) is a multi - theater building in Brasília , Brazil .
Built in the shape of a truncated pyramid , it is the largest building in Brasilia designed by Niemeyer specifically for the arts .
The National Theater is operated by Secretary of Culture of the Federal District and is home to three venues ; the 60-seat Alberto Nepomuceno theater , the 407-seat Martins Pena theater , and the 1,407 seat Villa - Lobos theater .
The Friesian ( also Frizian ) is a horse breed originating in Friesland , in the Netherlands .
Although the conformation of the breed resembles that of a light draught horse , Friesians are graceful and nimble for their size .
A Stop in a Desert ( ) is the second book of poems of Joseph Brodsky and the first composed by the poet himself .
Since 1965 , Joseph Brodsky lived in Leningrad ( where he returned after the link ) .
At this time , only occasionally he managed to publish something of his poems in the Soviet press , his poems printed in emigrant magazines , and the first book of his poems published in 1965 in the United States , entitled " Poems and Poems " .
A Stop in a Desert is the first book of poems Brodsky , composed by himself .
The book was published in 1970 by Chekhov Publishing House .
In 1988 , the publishing house " Ardis " second edition of the collection has been carried out .
Al - Masry Sporting Club ( Classical Arabic:النادي المصري للألعاب الرياضية ; , El Nady El MasryThe Egyptian Club ) is an Egyptian sports club based in Port Said , Egypt .
It is one of the five clubs that have the largest number of fans in Egypt , beside Al Ahly , Zamalek , Ismaily and El Ittihad El Sakandary . The club plays their home matches in the Port Said Stadium , with a capacity of 17,988 .
The CBC Tower , also known as the WesTower Transmission Tower , was a 371 metre high guyed mast for FM- and TV - transmission located atop Mont - Carmel near Shawinigan , Quebec , Canada .
La Bufadora is a marine geyser or blowhole located on the Punta Banda Peninsula in Baja California , Mexico .
See Also : La Bufadora Inn , Bahia Asuncion , Baja California Sur , Mexico
See Also : La Bufadora ~ Bahia Asuncion , Bahia Asuncion , Baja California Sur , Mexico http://bahiaasuncion.com
Luisa Etxenike ( born on 10 July 1957 , San Sebastián , Spain ) is an author from the Basque Country .. She has published several novels , short story collections , plays and a poetry collection .
She had a weekly column on culture and politics in the Spanish newspaper , El País .
Pari Urqu ( Aymara pari red hot , Quechua pari warm , to get very hot , overheated , urqu mountain , " hot mountain " , hispanicized spellings Pari Orcko , Pary Orcko , Pari Orco ) is a mountain in the Andes in Bolivia , about 3,950   m ( 12,959   ft ) high .
It is located in the Potosí Department , Tomás Frías Province , Potosí Municipality .
Pari Urqu lies in the west of Potosí , north west of the higher Cerro Rico ( Spanish name ) , P'utuqsi Urqu or Sumaq Urqu ( Quechua names ) which lies in the south of Potosí .
Westlake is a light rail and bus station that is part of the Downtown Seattle Transit Tunnel in Seattle , Washington .
The station serves Pine Street between 3rd and 6th avenues in Downtown Seattle , near Westlake Center and Westlake Park .
It is served by the Central Link , part of Sound Transit 's Link light rail system , as well as buses from King County Metro and Sound Transit Express .
The station is also connected above ground by buses , the South Lake Union Streetcar , and the Seattle Center Monorail .
Obliteration Pie is an album by Robyn Hitchcock , released in Japan in 2005 .
The album includes a cover of the Lipps Inc. disco classic " Funkytown " , the result of his latter - day interest in remaking unlikely 1970s tracks for live audiences .
This is the first Hitchcock release to include video footage on the disc , in this case promo clips for " I Often Dream Of Trains " and " The Man With The Lightbulb Head " , both of which date to the mid-1980s , and originally appeared on the video release of Got ta Let This Hen Out .
Elżbieta Zawacka (; 19 March 1909 – 10 January 2009 ) , known also by her war - time nom de guerre Zo , was a Polish university professor , scouting instructor , SOE agent and a freedom fighter during World War II .
She was also a Brigadier General of the Polish Army ( the second and last woman in the history of the Polish Army to hold this rank ) , promoted by President Lech Kaczyński on 3 May 2006 .
She was also responsible for organizing routes for other couriers of the Home Army .
Lake Eyre is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located about north of the state capital of Adelaide and north of the town of Marree and which is associated with the occasional body of water known as Lake Eyre .
The locality was established on 26 April 2013 in respect to “ the long established local name . ” Its name is derived from the former Lake Eyre National Park .
The locality covers the full extent of Lake Eyre including islands within the lake ’s extent , the Hunt Peninsula at the southern coast of the northern part of the lake and land on the lake ’s east side .
The principal land use within the locality is conservation with its full extent being occupied by the following protected areas - the Elliot Price Conservation Park and the Kati Thanda - Lake Eyre National Park .
Lake Eyre is located within the federal Division of Grey , the state electoral district of Stuart , the Pastoral Unincorporated Area of South Australia and the state ’s Far North region .
Sir Ninian Martin Stephen ( 15 June 1923 – 29 October 2017 ) was an Australian judge who served as the 20th Governor - General of Australia , in office from 1982 to 1989 .
He was previously a Justice of the High Court of Australia from 1972 to 1982 .
As a child he lived for periods in France , Germany , Scotland , and Switzerland , eventually arriving in Australia at the age of 16 .
Stephen served with the Australian Army during World War II , and after the war entered the legal profession .
He became one of Australia 's leading constitutional lawyers .
Stephen was appointed to the Supreme Court of Victoria in 1970 , and then to the High Court in 1972 , aged 48 .
He died at the age of 94 , making him Australia 's longest - lived governor - general .
Solidarnost ( Солидарность , Russian for " Solidarity " , named after the Polish Solidarność ) is a Russian liberal democratic political movement founded on 13 December 2008 by a number of well - known members of the liberal democratic opposition , including Garry Kasparov , Boris Nemtsov and others from the Yabloko and Union of Right Forces ( which had just merged with two pro - Kremlin parties , the Democratic Party of Russia and Civilian Power , to form the pro - Kremlin liberal democratic Right Cause ) parties , leaders of the Dissenters March events , the Committee 2008 , the People 's Democratic Union , the United Civil Front , The Other Russia and other politicians and political groups .
In an apparent attempt to weaken the movement immediately before its foundation , President Dmitri Medvedev nominated former leader of the Union of Right Forces Nikita Belykh to become governor of the Kirov Oblast ( Belykh agreed to take the position ) .
Harvey Phillip Pratt ( born 1941 ) is an American forensic artist and Native American artist , who has worked for over forty years in law enforcement , completing thousands of composite drawings and hundreds of soft tissue postmortem reconstructions .
In the early 2000 's Pratt teamed up with David Paulides in researching Bigfoot on the Hoopa Reservation in California , as well as in his home state of Oklahoma .
Insomniac 's Guide to a Lonely Heart is the debut album by American pop artist Ben Bledsoe , released on July 19 , 2005 on indie label 44th Floor Records .
Once the group disbanded Ben began to record ' Insomniac 's Guide to a Lonely Heart ' .
It was also simultaneously # 1 and # 2 on Awarestore.com beating out Aware 's own artists such as ' John Mayer ' , ' Five for Fighting ' , and Wheatus .
Bin Roye (; lit : Without Crying ) , is a Pakistani romantic television drama serial which premiered on Hum TV on October 2 , 2016 .
The series aired on Hum TV as part of a night programming all under Duraid 's production company .
Novoryazanskaya Street Garage , also spelled Novo - Ryazanskaya Street Garage , and known as " Horseshoe garage " , was designed by Konstantin Melnikov and Vladimir Shukhov ( structural engineering ) in 1926 and completed in 1929 at 27 , Novoryazanskaya Street in Krasnoselsky District , Moscow , Russia , near Kazansky Rail Terminal .
This garage is still used as such , and houses Moscow 's Fourth Bus Park .
Ryczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Spytkowice , within Wadowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
It lies approximately north of Wadowice and west of the regional capital Kraków .
In 1975–1999 , it belonged to Bielsko - Biala Voivodeship
The southern part lies within the , whereas the northern part is in the valley of the Vistula River ( Kraków Gate ) .
Through the village runs the National Road No .
44 ( Gliwice - Oświęcim - Skawina - Kraków ) and the railway line Kraków - Oświęcim .
At the northern end on the bank of the Vistula river lies the hamlet called Chałupki .
Francesco 's Mediterranean Voyage is a BBC Television documentary series first aired in 2008 .
It follows Venetian architect Francesco da Mosto as he follows the historical Venetian trading route from Venice through the Adriatic Sea , Corinth Canal , Aegean Sea and Dardanelles to Istanbul .
The series was broadcast on BBC Four in 2018 .
Mazinaw Rock is a high cliff in the Addington Highlands , just north of Kaladar , south - central Ontario , Canada .
It stretches for along Mazinaw Lake , and is a landmark in the Bon Echo Provincial Park that draws the attention of many campers and cottagers .
Beneath the cliff itself , the lake 's depth reaches , making it the second deepest lake in Ontario besides the Great Lakes .
Air Vice Marshal Sir Charles Putnam Symonds , ( 11 April 1890 – 7 December 1978 ) was an English neurologist and a senior medical officer in the Royal Air Force .
His initial medical training was at Guy 's Hospital , followed by specialised training at the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery .
After being wounded and invalided back to the United Kingdom , he completed his basic medical training and served as a medical officer , both on the front lines and attached to the Royal Flying Corps at Farnborough .
Tango SA , is the leading alternative operator in Luxembourg , offering TV , Internet , fixed and mobile telephony services to residential customers , the self - employed and small businesses .
As a member of the Proximus Group since 2008 , Tango has been working hand - in - hand with its sister company Telindus , a leading integrator and operator in Luxembourg offering services in the field of fixed and mobile telecommunications , ICT infrastructure , the Cloud and security .
" Crème Fraîche " is the 14th episode and season finale of the fourteenth season of American animated television series South Park , and the 209th episode of the series overall .
It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 17 , 2010 .
In the episode , Stan 's life is reduced to shambles both at home and in school due to Randy 's new obsession with the Food Network , while Sharon explores a new interest of her own .
The episode was written and directed by series co - creator Trey Parker , and was rated TV - MA L in the United States .
He delivered Nepal 's first application for membership of the United Nations in 1948 , which was eventually accepted in 1955 .
He served as Nepal 's Permanent Representative to the United Nations , and was twice the President of the Security Council when Nepal was a member of the Council in the 1970s .
Candler is an unincorporated community in Buncombe County , North Carolina , United States .
It lies on North Carolina Highway 151 and U.S.
Routes 19 , 23 , and 74 Business , at an elevation of 2,122.7   feet ( 647   m ) .
The community is part of the Asheville Metropolitan Statistical Area .
This mountain community nestles in Hominy Valley , approximately halfway between Asheville ( to the east ) and Canton ( to the west ) via Interstate 40 ( about 20 minutes either way ) .
Mount Pisgah , with access to the Blue Ridge Parkway , stands to the south , and Asheville to the east .
Most of Candler lies within the district of Enka High School , a public secondary school .
The Botswana Democratic Party ( abbreviated BDP ) is the governing party in Botswana .
The BDP was primarily shaped by two of its founders , Sir Seretse Khama and Quett Masire , who are celebrated for nurturing the success of Botswana .
Traditional Setswana communities make up the party 's base , which has led the BDP to remain a conservative movement .
Henry Olusegun Adeola Samuel ( born 19 February 1963 ) , known professionally as Seal , is a British singer and songwriter who has sold over 20 million records worldwide , his first international hit being the song " Crazy " , released in 1991 and his most celebrated song being " Kiss from a Rose " , released in 1994 .
As a songwriter , he received two Ivor Novello Awards for Best Song Musically and Lyrically from the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers , and Authors for " Killer " ( 1990 ) and " Crazy " ( 1991 ) .
He painted an Annunciation for the church of Santa Maria delle Vigne in Genoa .
Between 2003 and 2004 , the province saw high birthrates ( on par with some larger provinces such as British Columbia ) , relatively high immigration , and a high rate of interprovincial migration when compared to other provinces .
The Calgary – Edmonton Corridor is the most urbanized area in Alberta and is one of Canada 's four most urban regions .
From a population of 73,022 in 1901 , Alberta has grown to 3,645,257 in 2011 and in the process has gone from less than 1.5 % of Canada 's population to 10.9 % .
Carrick Swan GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club , located in the town of Carrick - on - Suir in south County Tipperary in Ireland .
It is one of three GAA clubs in the town , one of which , St. Molleran 's , is in County Waterford in the southern suburb of Carrickbeg .
The Swan are predominantly a hurling club and lead the roll of honour for the number of South Tipperary senior hurling championships won .
The club enjoys a keen rivalry with the longer established Carrick Davins , named in honour of Maurice Davin , first President of the GAA who lived at Deerpark near the town .
The Swans ' most famous players were the Wall brothers , Willie and Tom who played with distinction for Tipperary in the 1940s .
Eric Reed Boucher ( born June 17 , 1958 ) , better known by his professional name Jello Biafra , is the former lead singer and songwriter for the San Francisco punk rock band Dead Kennedys .
When the band broke up in 1986 , he took over the influential independent record label Alternative Tentacles , which he had founded in 1979 with Dead Kennedys bandmate East Bay Ray .
Politically , Biafra is a member of the Green Party of the United States and supports various political causes .
This is a chronological list of mayors of Sofia , the capital of Bulgaria , since that post was established after the Liberation of Bulgaria in 1878 .
Initially , the mayors of Sofia were assigned by the Provisional Russian Administration .
Until 1944 , the mayor ( with the official title of " Chairman of the City Administrative Council " ) was appointed through a Tsar 's decree after a candidate was suggested by the Minister of Internal Affairs .
After that date , the mayor ( officially " Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Sofia City ( later Capital ) People 's Council " ) was formally chosen by the municipal councilors , albeit after being specified by the Bulgarian Communist Party management .
Since the democratic changes and the 7th Grand National Assembly in 1990 that led to the appointment of an interim mayor ( Green Party of Bulgaria leader Aleksandar Karakachanov ) , the residents of Sofia received the right to choose their mayor , the first democratically elected one being Aleksandar Yanchulev on 13 October 1991 .
Liberty Belle and the Black Diamond Express , the fourth album by The Go - Betweens , was released in March 1986 in the UK on Beggars Banquet Records , the record label that would release the remainder of the original group 's LPs through their break - up in 1989 .
The album was recorded at Berry Street Studios in London , England .
The UK CD release in 1986 ( BEGA 72 ) had the original ten tracks , plus two bonus tracks : " The Life At Hand " and " Little Joe " .
In 2004 , LO - MAX Records released an expanded CD which included a second disc of eleven bonus tracks and music videos for the songs , " Spring Rain " and " Head Full of Steam " ( Single Version ) .
The parks and gardens in Bratislava have formed a part of the landscape of the capital of Slovakia since the Middle Ages .
Perhaps the best known garden in the city 's history was the renaissance Pálffy Garden , with its famous landmark , a centuries - old linden tree encased in a wooden terrace frame , seven floors in height .
Today , Bratislava 's most famous park is Sad Janka Kráľa , established in 1774 - 1776 it is the oldest public park in Central Europe .
James Joseph Webster ( born 14 June 1925 in Flinders Island , Tasmania ) is a former member of the Australian Senate .
The son of state MP Leslie Webster , he was educated at Caulfield Grammar School and the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology .
Trágala ( Spanish : " swallow it " ) is a song the Spanish liberals used to humiliate the absolutists after the military pronunciamiento of Rafael del Riego in Cabezas de San Juan , at the beginning of the period known as Trienio Liberal ( 1820 - 1823 ) .
After the intervention of the powers of the Holy Alliance ( French expedition of the Hundred Thousand Sons of Saint Louis commanded by the Duke of Angoulême ) , it became a symbol of resistance against the political repression of the Ominous Decade .
It is probably modelled after other songs of the French Revolution such as Ça Ira .
This song , with different lyrics , continued to be sung in Spain as a leftist symbol against the right , the Catholic Church or the monarchy in different historical conjunctures , notably during the Second Republic and the Spanish Civil War .
Matthew Hale Carpenter ( born Decatur Merritt Hammond Carpenter ; December 22 , 1824 – February 24 , 1881 ) was an American attorney and U.S.
Senator representing the state of Wisconsin .
He served in the Senate from 1869 to 1875 and again from 1879 to 1881 .
Carpenter presented cases before the U. S. Supreme Court involving such matters as states ' rights and regulation of corporations .
Originally a Democrat , he evolved into a Republican during the Civil War , and helped perpetuate the party 's political machinery in Wisconsin .
His sustained support for President Ulysses S. Grant 's administration despite allegations of corruption lost him the backing of reformers , and his legal arguments in favor of Democratic candidate Samuel J. Tilden in the disputed presidential election of 1876 outraged many Republicans .
Farina would go on to form The Evens with Alec 's brother and her husband Ian MacKaye .
A trio featuring former Faith vocalist Alec MacKaye ( guitar and vocals ) , Juan Luis Carrera ( bass and vocals ) , and Amy Farina ( drums ) , The Warmers recorded for the Washington D.C. based record label Dischord .
" Poked It With A Stick " , originally from their album The Warmers , is featured on the three - CD compilation album 20 Years of Dischord .
The cool phase of ENSO is called " La Niña " with SST in the eastern Pacific below average and air pressures high in the eastern and low in western Pacific .
The ENSO cycle , both El Niño and La Niña , cause global changes of both temperatures and rainfall .
Animal Crossing is a community simulation video game series developed and published by Nintendo , in which the human player lives in a village inhabited by anthropomorphic animals , carrying out various activities including fishing , bug catching , fossil hunting , etc .
Robert " Rocky " Balboa is the title character of the Rocky film series .
The character was created by Sylvester Stallone , who also portrayed him in all seven Rocky films .
Store Torungen Lighthouse ( ) is a coastal lighthouse on the island of Store Torungen in the municipality of Arendal in Aust - Agder county , Norway .
This lighthouse , together with the nearby Lille Torungen Lighthouse , mark the entrance from the Skaggerak through the outlying islands to the mainland town of Arendal .
The two lighthouses were put on the coat - of - arms for the local municipality of Hisøy in which the lighthouses were located .
James Hugh Relfe ( October 17 , 1791 – September 14 , 1863 ) was a U.S. Representative from Missouri .
Born in Virginia , Relfe moved to Washington County , Missouri , about 1816 with his father , who settled in Caledonia .
He studied medicine and practiced in Caledonia , Missouri .
He served as member of the State house of representatives 1835 - 1844 .
He was appointed United States marshal for the district of Missouri February 17 , 1841 .
Relfe was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty - eighth and Twenty - ninth Congresses ( March 4 , 1843 – March 3 , 1847 ) .
He continued the practice of medicine in Caledonia , Washington County , Missouri , until his death there September 14 , 1863 .
President Trump – The Piers Morgan Interview is a one - off television programme that aired on ITV in the United Kingdom on 28 January 2018 .
The interview was recorded while Trump was attending the 2018 meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , which took place between 22 January and 25 January 2018 .
The Interim Government of Iran ( ) was the first government established in Iran after the Iranian Revolution , and the first nominal republic established in Iran after 2,500 years of Persian monarchy .
The regime was headed by Mehdi Bazargan , one of the members of the Freedom Movement of Iran , and formed on the order of Ruhollah Khomeini ( known as the Ayatollah Khomeini ) on 4 February 1979 .
The constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran was adopted by referendum on 24 October 1979 .
The Council of the Islamic Revolution then served as the country 's government until the formation of the first Islamic Consultative Assembly on 12 August 1980 .
Bazargan was elected to the first Islamic Consultative Assembly representing Tehran .
It is considered that the two families diverged around 55 millions years ago during the Early Paleogene possibly near the boundary between Paleocene and Eocene .
Abednego was born in Ladysmith , South Africa , and was the youngest of six sons ; the others being Albert , Milton , Funokwakhe , Mehlo , and Joseph Mazibuko .
It was originally discovered in Katanga Province , Zaire in 1956 and is named for the German geologist , Hans Stille ( 1876 – 1966 ) .
It has been reported from the Santa Brigida mine , La Rioja Province , Argentina and from Tilkerode ( Abberode ) in the Harz Mountains , Germany .
Associated minerals include pyrite , linnaeite , clausthalite , selenian vaesite , molybdenite and dolomite in the Shinkolobwe region of the Congo ) ; and with tiemannite , clausthalite , eucairite , umangite , klockmannite in the Santa Brigida mine , Argentina .
Helgelandsmoen is a village located in Buskerud , Norway .
Helgelandsmoen is situated in Hole on the border between Norderhov in Ringerike .
The village had 551 residents as of 1 January 2014 , located mainly in the Hole , but extends partially into neighboring Ringerike .
The village was the site of Helgelandsmoen Leir , a former military camp .
The Army base was established in 1868 to house the 2nd Akershus Infantry Brigade ( Akershusske Infanteribrigade ) .
Helgelandsmoen Leir was closed in 2004 .
Helgelandsmoen Industrial AS ( Helgelandsmoen Næringspark ) is an industrial park located on the site of the former army camp .
The property , which includes a hotel , restaurant , conference and exhibition center , is located beside the Storelva River , about eight kilometers south of Hønefoss .
Wikiquote is one of a family of wiki - based projects run by the Wikimedia Foundation , running on MediaWiki software .
The Monroe Township Public Schools is a comprehensive public school district serving the educational needs of students in kindergarten through twelfth grade from Monroe Township , in Gloucester County , New Jersey , United States .
Sverrir previously played for Icelandic club Breiðablik UBK before transferring to Viking FK .
After a successful spell at the Norwegian club he moved to Lokeren of Belgium .
He was succeeded by his son , Jean‑Claude , who was nicknamed " BabyDoc " .
His profession and expertise in the field acquired him the nickname " PapaDoc " .
Spring Gulch is a cross - country ski area located on Thompson Creek Road in northwestern Pitkin County , Colorado , six miles west of Carbondale , Colorado , USA .
The area is run by the non - profit Mount Sopris Nordic Council for the benefit of community members and visitors .
The Crescent City Connection ( CCC ) , formerly the Greater New Orleans Bridge ( GNO ) , refers to twin cantilever bridges that carry U.S. Highway 90 Business ( US   90 Bus . )
over the Mississippi River in New Orleans , Louisiana , United States .
It is also the widest and most heavily traveled bridge on the lower Mississippi ; the only other comparable bridges on the Mississippi are in the St. Louis area , those being the Poplar Street Bridge , the Jefferson Barracks Bridge , and the Stan Musial Veterans Memorial Bridge .
Ethiopia and Australia have enjoyed diplomatic relations since 1965 when Australia sent Walter Crocker to be High Commissioner to Kenya in Nairobi , with accreditation to Uganda and Ethiopia .
Pioneer Coal Limited is a Canadian mining company based in Antigonish , Nova Scotia .
Stellarton Surface Coal Mine , located in Stellarton , Nova Scotia
Point Aconi Surface Coal Mine , located in Point Aconi , Nova Scotia
Societatea Națională de Gaze Naturale Romgaz SA Mediaș ( SNGN Romgaz SA ) or simply Romgaz is the largest natural gas producer in Romania and one of the largest in Eastern Europe .
Fondul Proprietatea owns 14.99 % , while the remaining 15 % is owned by various shareholders .
Romgaz is structured into six branches : two production branches located in Târgu Mureș and Mediaș , one underground storage branch located in Ploieşti , a special operations branch located in Mediaş , a maintenance branch located in Târgu Mureș and one international office located in Bratislava , Slovakia .
Make You Happy is a compilation album by Australian rock band Divinyls , which was released on October 21 , 1997 .
It consists of material spanning from 1981 to 1993 including the hits " Boys in Town " , " Science Fiction " , " Pleasure and Pain " and their number - one signature song " I Touch Myself " .
The album 's name comes from " I 'll Make You Happy " , the B - side of " Science Fiction " and a cover version of the 1960s track by The Easybeats .
Track 20 , " Love in Motion " , is a 1992 rerecording of Icehouse 's 1981 single with Divinyls ' Christina Amphlett featuring on co - lead vocals .
Despite being released in 1997 , this compilation did not include recordings from the band 's 1996 album Underworld .
Björk Digital is an “ immersive ” virtual reality exhibit by Icelandic musician Björk featuring 360-degree VR music videos from her eighth studio album , Vulnicura .
The exhibit debuted at Carriageworks in Sydney , Australia as part of the Vivid Sydney festival on 4 June 2016 and has traveled across the globe to Tokyo , London , Mexico City , Los Angeles , and other cities around the globe .
In 1900 , he published Histoire de Géorgie ( " History of Georgia " ) in French .
The First Empire of Haiti (; Haitian Creole : Anpi an Ayiti ) was an elective monarchy in North America .
Two members of his administration , Alexandre Pétion and Henri Christophe , then assumed power , which led to a split in the country with Pétion leading the southern Republic of Haiti and Christophe leading the northern State of Haiti .
Some 43 years later , on August 26 , 1849 , President Faustin Soulouque re - established an Empire in Haiti that lasted until January 15 , 1859 .
Lake Abitibi ( ) is a lake in northeastern Ontario and western Quebec , Canada .
The lake , which lies within the vast Clay Belt , is separated in two distinct portions by a short narrows , making it actually 2 lakes .
Baltimore has been described by some as " Charm City , " by others as " Bodymore , Murderland . "
Filmmakers explained their choice of Baltimore as a setting for the 2009 movie He 's Just Not That Into You because " We were trying to think of an American urban city that did n't feel like you 'd seen it a million times before , " and " We wanted something like , not exactly every - small - town U.S.A. , but every - urban - young - center U.S.A. , so we could all see ourselves in these people . "
Ilkka Heikki Herlin ( born 25 January 1959 ) is a Finnish billionaire , the chairman and one of the owners of Cargotec , and one of the owners of the elevator and escalator maker Kone .
His father Pekka Herlin died in 2003 , and it was discovered that he had rewritten his will in 1999 , leaving most of the elevator and escalator maker Kone to Ilkka 's brother Antti Herlin .
Ilkka and his siblings Ilona and Niklas were unhappy about not being informed , and the dispute finally ended in 2005 .
Herlin is married , with four children , and lives in Helsinki , Finland .
Regarded as one of Italy 's greatest ever midfielders , Bulgarelli spent his entire club career with Italian side Bologna , where he also served as the team 's captain ; an important figure with the club , he is the team 's record all - time appearance holder , and won the Serie A title with the Bolognese side in 1964 , among other trophies .
Following his retirement , he had a brief spell in America with the Hartford Bicentennials in 1975 , and later also had a successful career as football commentator in the 90s .
The President , Directors , and Company , of the Bank of North America , commonly known as the Bank of North America , was a private bank first adopted on May 26 , 1781 by the Confederation Congress , chartered on December 31 , 1781 and opened in Philadelphia on January 7 , 1782 .
Love Story is the second studio album by American rapper Yelawolf .
It was released on April 21 , 2015 , by Interscope Records , Shady Records and Slumerican .
Love Story was supported by five singles : " Box Chevy V " , " Till It 's Gone " , " Whiskey in a Bottle " , " American You " and " Best Friend " featuring Eminem .
The Houston Texans are a professional American football team based in Houston , Texas .
The Texans compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the American Football Conference ( AFC ) South division .
The Texans replaced the city 's previous NFL franchise , the Houston Oilers , which moved to Nashville , Tennessee and are now known as the Tennessee Titans .
The Texans would go on to win three more AFC South championships in 2012 , 2015 , and 2016 .
To date , the Texans are the only NFL franchise to have never played in a conference championship game .
Hawkes Heights is an ice - filled crater rising to that dominates the southern part of Coulman Island , in the Ross Sea , Antarctica , and marks the island 's summit .
The feature was named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition ( NZGSAE ) , 1958–59 , for Captain William M. Hawkes , U.S. Navy , who took a leading part in early air operations from Williams Field near McMurdo Station , including long range photo reconnaissance and supply flights , and the first air landing at the South Pole .
La Conexión ( English : Connection ) is a mixtape recorded by Puerto Rican - American girl group Nina Sky .
It was released on October 21 , 2005 in United States and four days later worldwide through La Conexión Music and Traffic Records , one year after their debut self - titled studio album .
La Conexión failed to chart anywhere , but its lead single " Play That Song " ( Tony Touch featuring Nina Sky and B - Real ) was success .
Nallari Kiran Kumar Reddy ( born 13 September 1960 ) is an Indian politician who served as the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh .
A four - time Member of the Legislative Assembly in Andhra Pradesh , he was a leader of the Indian National Congress party before resigning from it in February 2014 over the creation of Telangana state .
Jungle Rules is the second studio album by Moroccan - American rapper French Montana .
It was released on July 14 , 2017 by Coke Boys , Bad Boy and Epic Records .
The album succeeds his mixtape MC4 ( 2016 ) , which was originally intended to be his second studio album .
The album was supported by the singles " No Pressure " featuring Future and " Unforgettable " featuring Swae Lee .
" La Bicicleta " ( ) is a song by Colombian singers Carlos Vives and Shakira from Vives ' fifteenth studio album Vives ( 2017 ) and is also included as an album track on Shakira 's eleventh studio album El Dorado ( 2017 ) .
The clip premiered on 8 July 2016 and it features Shakira and Vives traveling with bikes along the Caribbean coast of Colombia , visiting their hometowns Santa Marta and Barranquilla and engaging with locals in dance battles .
On December 8 , 2005 , following a meeting with United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced that Dr Rice had privately acknowledged that El - Masri had been captured and transported in error .
The Chaco National Park ( ) is a national park of Argentina , located in the province of Chaco .
It was created in 1954 in order to protect a sample of the Eastern Chaco , composed mainly of warm lowlands , with an annual summer rainfall between 750 and 1,300   mm .
Forests of quebracho colorado chaqueño ( Schinopsis balansae ) were once located in the north of Santa Fe and the western half of Chaco , and had entered the northeast region of the province of Corrientes .
Indigenous communities of the Mocoví and Toba peoples are found in the protected area .
Lament is a studio album by German band Einstürzende Neubauten , released on 7 November 2014 .
The album is a studio reconstruction of a performance piece commissioned by the Belgian town of Diksmuide to commemorate the outbreak of World War I.
The performance also includes two songs written by James Reese Europe , musical director of the United States ' 369th Infantry Regiment , also known as the Harlem Hellfighters .
The Yale Center for the Study of Globalization , or YCSG , is a research center at Yale University at New Haven , Connecticut .
The program 's main offices are located in Betts House , a university - owned mansion in the Prospect Hill Historic District .
Kilju Ch'ŏngnyŏn Station is a railway station in Kilju - ŭp , Kilju county , North Hamgyŏng province , North Korea .
It is the junction point of the Paektusan Ch'ŏngnyŏn and P'yŏngra lines of the Korean State Railway .
Originally called Kilju Station ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 길주역 ; Hanja : 吉州駅 ) , the station , along with the rest of the Kilju - Hapsu section , was opened by the Government Railways of Chosen ( ) on 1 November 1933 .
On 9 October 2006 an underground nuclear test was conducted at P'unggye - ri in Kilju County , causing the closure of the line for 3–4 months .
Zakhar Prilepin ( born 1975 ) , Russian writer , political dissident , member of Russia 's unregistered National Bolshevik Party since 1996
Le Pays Réel ( French ; literally " The Real Country " ) was a Catholic - Fascist newspaper published by the Rexist Party in Belgium .
The newspaper 's title derives from the writings of Charles Maurras , a French nationalist , who distinguished between a pays réel , rooted in the realities of life such as locality , work , trades , the parish and the family , and a pays légal ( " legal country " ) of law , constitutionalism , and liberal political ideals which he cast as artificially imposed on the " real " .
The Turn of the Screw is an 1898 horror novella by Henry James that first appeared in serial format in Collier 's Weekly magazine ( January 27 – April 16 , 1898 ) .
In October 1898 it appeared in The Two Magics , a book published by Macmillan in New York City and Heinemann in London .
Buckinghamia celsissima , commonly known as the ivory curl , is a species of trees , constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae .
They grow naturally only ( endemic ) in the wet tropics rainforests areas of north eastern Queensland , Australia .
The species was described in 1868 by Ferdinand von Mueller in honour of Richard Grenville , 3rd Duke of Buckingham , from a collection of material made by John Dallachy near Rockingham Bay on 11 January 1865 .
The species is grown widely in Brisbane and thrives in Sydney and Melbourne , yet is shy to flower in Cairns .
The geology of Zimbabwe in southern Africa is centred on the Zimbabwe Craton , a core of Archean basement composed in the main of granitoids , schist and gneisses .
The player commands a fireteam of three U.S. Marines in a realistic fictional , scenario where the United Nations sends Marines into Lebanon when their Prime Minister falls ill and Syria and Iran send forces to bolster certain factions .
It was designed with input from active - duty and retired Marines from 3rd Battalion 1st Marines , who recently participated in combat around Fallujah , Iraq during Operation Phantom Fury that became known as the Second Battle of Fallujah .
Georg Klindworth , born Johann Georg Heinrich Klindworth on 16 April 1798 in Göttingen , Germany , was a nineteenth - century German diplomat and intelligence agent employed by several European leaders and princes .
Following that he served as a lecturer at Birkbeck College , London from 1951 - 1964 .
Return of Saturn is the fourth studio album by American rock band No Doubt , released on April 11 , 2000 by Trauma Records and Interscope Records .
After touring for two and a half years to promote their breakthrough third studio album , Tragic Kingdom , No Doubt wrote several dozen songs for its follow - up and eventually settled on working with producer Glen Ballard .
Mongol - Tatar Golden Horde forces led by Batu Khan , ( a grandson of Genghis Khan ) , began attacking Europe in 1223 , starting with Cumans , Volga Bulgaria and Kievan Rus .
They destroyed many Rus cities including Kiev , Vladimir and Moscow in the process , sparing Novgorod and Pskov however .
However , upon learning of the death of Ögedei Khan ( third son of Genghis Khan , uncle of Batu Khan ) in 1241 they returned eastwards to their steppe homelands .
This , it could be argued , saved the rest of Europe from suffering the catastrophes that befell the armies and towns of Poland and Hungary , although over - stretched lines of communication and the lack of vast open tracts of pasture land might well have proved the undoing of such a venture .
Helsingborg Municipality ( Helsingborgs kommun ) is a municipality in Skåne County in Sweden .
Its seat is located in the city of Helsingborg , which is Sweden 's eighth largest city .
Between 1912 and 1971 the name of the town was officially spelled Hälsingborg ( rather like the region of Hälsingland but unlike neighbouring Danish Helsingør and the Finnish capital Helsingfors ( Helsinki ) ) .
The spelling was changed back to the older version when the present municipality was created in 1971 through the amalgamation of the Town of Hälsingborg with four surrounding rural municipalities .
Since the 1990s the municipality again styles itself Helsingborgs stad ( Town of Helsingborg ) .
Washington County Community College ( WCCC ) is a community college located in Calais , Washington County , Maine .
WCCC is one of seven community colleges in the Maine Community College System .
Washington Weekly magazine named WCCC the 24th best community college in America in 2013 .
The Aspen Institute named WCCC the 11th best community college in America in 2011 .
Lao Central Airlines Public Company , operating as Lao Central Airlines , was an airline in Laos with its head office in Wattayyaithong Village , Sikhottabong District , Vientiane .
It was the first private airline in Laos and offered premium and budget seats .
The airline is owned by the Phongsavanh group , a Lao company engaged in international trading , timber , hospitality , telecommunications , banking , and security products and services .
The airline was the second biggest among Lao airline operators in terms of fleet size .
From 1822 up until his death in 1864 he was a teacher at Friedrich Wilhelm Gymnasium in Berlin .
River Out of Eden : A Darwinian View of Life is a 1995 popular science book by Richard Dawkins .
It is illustrated by Lalla Ward , Dawkins 's wife .
Internet Explorer Mobile ( formerly named Pocket Internet Explorer ; commonly abbreviated to IE Mobile ) is a discontinued mobile browser developed by Microsoft , based on versions of the Trident layout engine .
IE Mobile comes loaded by default with Windows Phone and Windows CE .
Later versions of Internet Explorer Mobile ( since Windows Phone 8) are based on the desktop version of Internet Explorer .
Internet Explorer Mobile 11 , the last version that was supported , is based on the desktop version of Internet Explorer 11 and came with Windows Phone 8.1 .
A new browser , Microsoft Edge replaced Internet Explorer Mobile in Windows 10 Mobile .
The Order of Karađorđe 's Star ( ) is Serbia 's highest civilian and military decoration .
The post - war Kingdom of Yugoslavia retained the Order , and it was awarded by the Yugoslav government - in - exile until the end of World War II , in some cases to individuals who collaborated with the Axis powers .
Along with other monarchist symbols , the Order was suppressed during the administration of Josip Broz Tito , and replaced with communist decorations such as the Order of the People 's Hero .
During the Cold War , it had been awarded by the Karađorđević family in exile .
Sofie & Cecilia is a historical novel by Canadian author Katherine Ashenburg .
She was inspired to write the book after a visit to Sweden where she learned that despite the fact that they had the same artistic training , Swedish artist Carl Larsson refused to allow his wife Karin to paint after they were married .
A work of fiction , the titular characters are loosely based on Karin Bergöö Larsson wife of Swedish artist Carl Larsson and Emma Lamm , wife of Swedish artist Anders Zorn .
Ghostwritten is the first novel published by English author David Mitchell .
Many of the themes from Ghostwritten continue in Mitchell ’s subsequent novels , number9dream and Cloud Atlas , and a character later appears in The Bone Clocks .
There are also hints and references to other works , most prominently from Isaac Asimov and the Three Laws of Robotics towards the end of the book , as well as Wild Swans by Jung Chang and The Music of Chance by Paul Auster .
Elspeth Attwooll ( born 1 February 1943 in Chislehurst which was formerly in Kent and now is in the London Borough of Bromley ) is a retired Scottish Liberal Democrat politician .
She is a former Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) for Scotland .
She was part of the Liberal Democrat delegation to the Scottish Constitutional Convention .
She was first elected to the European Parliament in 1999 , the first Liberal Democrat ever to be elected to the European Parliament from Scotland , and retained her seat in 2004 .
Her work in the European Parliament was highly respected , and she drafted many influential reports , including one on Community action in relation to whaling which stressed the need for the European Union to use its influence to secure the International Whaling Commission and agreement between the pro- and anti- whaling lobbies within it .
Le Bernardin is a French seafood restaurant in Midtown Manhattan in New York City .
Domitian (; ; 24 October 51   – 18 September 96 AD ) was Roman emperor from 81 to 96 .
He was the younger brother of Titus and the son of Vespasian , his two predecessors on the throne , and the last member of the Flavian dynasty .
As emperor , Domitian strengthened the economy by revaluing the Roman coinage , expanded the border defenses of the empire , and initiated a massive building program to restore the damaged city of Rome .
Significant wars were fought in Britain , where his general Agricola attempted to conquer Caledonia ( Scotland ) , and in Dacia , where Domitian was unable to procure a decisive victory against king Decebalus .
Domitian 's government exhibited strong authoritarian characteristics ; he saw himself as the new Augustus , an enlightened despot destined to guide the Roman Empire into a new era of brilliance .
As a consequence , Domitian was popular with the people and army , but considered a tyrant by members of the Roman Senate .
In between the departure of original keyboardist Gregg Rolie from Santana and the arrival of Jonathan Cain from The Babys he was invited to play keyboards on the track " The Party 's Over ( Hopelessly In Love ) " on the 1981 live Journey release Captured .
This same track appears on the package set Time³ and the 2001 compilation The Essential Journey .
He recorded several tracks with Journey guitarist Neal Schon on the 1999 " Piranha Blues " release and stayed close to the Journey family co - writing and recording the 2005 release VTR ( Valory - Tickner - Roseman ) with founders Ross Valory and George Tickner .
Rudolf Koechlin ( 11 November 1862 – 11 February 1939 ) was an Austrian mineralogist .
Koechlin was born and died in Vienna .
He studied mineralogy , crystallography , petrology and geology at the University of Vienna , obtaining his doctorate in 1887 with a thesis on manganite , polianite and pyrolusite .
At Vienna , his instructors included Gustav Tschermak and Albrecht Schrauf .
In 1884 he began work as a volunteer in the mineralogical - petrography department of the Naturhistorisches Hofmuseum in Vienna .
His scientific research largely dealt with minerals found in the Tauern region in Austria , e.g.
bornite , euclase and sphene as well as the salt minerals glauberite and simonyite from the salt mine at Hallstatt .
In 1922 , he became a correspondent member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences .
Felipe Agoncillo ( May 26 , 1859 – September 29 , 1941 ) was the Filipino lawyer representative to the negotiations in Paris that led to the Treaty of Paris ( 1898 ) , ending the Spanish – American War and achieving him the title of " outstanding first Filipino diplomat . "
John W. A. Sanford ( August 28 , 1798 – September 12 , 1870 ) was a United States Representative and farmer from Georgia .
In 1832 , he was elected a major general , 3rd Division Georgia Militia , by the Georgia Legislature .
In 1834 , Sanford was elected as a Jacksonian Representative from Georgia to the 24th United States Congress , but he resigned before the end of his term to participate in the removal of the Cherokee from the state .
After serving in the Creek War of 1836 as a major general , Sanford was elected to the Georgia Senate in 1837 ; however , he resigned before that session of the state Senate began .
Sanford served as secession commissioner from Georgia to the State of Texas in 1861 .
Sanford died in Milledgeville on September 12 , 1870 , and was buried in Memory Hill Cemetery in Milledgeville .
Vagn Walfrid Ekman ( 3 May 1874 – 9 March 1954 ) was a Swedish oceanographer .
Born in Stockholm to Fredrik Laurentz Ekman , himself an oceanographer , he became committed to oceanography while studying physics at the University of Uppsala and , in particular , on hearing Vilhelm Bjerknes lecture on fluid dynamics .
He was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1935 .
A gifted amateur bass singer , pianist , and composer , he continued working right up to his death in Gostad , near Stockaryd , Sweden .
Adolf Franklin Rebner ( also Adolph Rebner ) ( 21 November 1876 in Vienna , Austria – 19 June 1967 in Baden - Baden , Germany ) was an Austrian violinist and violist .
Having continued his studies in Paris with Martin Pierre Marsick he settled in Frankfurt in 1896 where he was concertmaster at the Frankfurt Opera .
Goresbridge ( ) is a small village located in the east of County Kilkenny , in the province of Leinster , Ireland .
Goresbridge is named after a 1756 bridge , built by Colonel Ralph Gore , which provides a crossing of the River Barrow between County Kilkenny and County Carlow in the South - East region .
Located from Gowran on the R702 ( Kilkenny−Enniscorthy ) regional road , and approximately east of Kilkenny .
Part of the civil parish is Grangesilvia which is in the barony of Gowran .
The local authority is Kilkenny County Council .
Greater Manchester East was , from 1984 to 1999 , a European Parliament constituency centred on Greater Manchester , in North West England .
From 1984 to 1994 , it consisted of the Westminster Parliament constituencies of Ashton - under - Lyne , Cheadle , Denton and Reddish , Hazel Grove , Oldham Central and Royton , Oldham West , Stalybridge and Hyde , and Stockport .
From 1994 to 1999 it consisted of Ashton - under - Lyne , Denton and Reddish , Heywood and Middleton , Littleborough and Saddleworth , Oldham Central and Royton , Oldham West , Rochdale , and Stalybridge and Hyde .
Prior to its uniform adoption of proportional representation in 1999 , the United Kingdom used first - past - the - post for the European elections in England , Scotland and Wales .
Forza Italia ( FI ; translated to " Forward Italy " or " Let 's Go Italy " , ) was a centre - right political party in Italy with liberal - conservative , Christian - democratic , liberal , social - democratic and populist tendencies .
Its leader was Silvio Berlusconi , four times Prime Minister of Italy .
Throughout its existence , the party was characterised by a strong reliance on the personal image and charisma of its leader — it has therefore been called a " personality party " or Berlusconi 's " personal party "— and the skillful use of media campaigns , especially via television .
The party 's organisation and ideology depended heavily on its leader .
Its appeal to voters was based on Berlusconi 's personality more than on its ideology or programme .
In November 2008 the national council of the party , presided by Alfredo Biondi , voted to merge Forza Italia into The People of Freedom ( PdL ) , Berlusconi 's new political vehicle , whose official foundation took place in March 2009 .
The Chongqing West railway station is a railway station of Chengyu Passenger Railway that is located in Shapingba District of Chongqing , People 's Republic of China .
It is the second largest railway station , after Xi'an North , in South Western China when opened on January 25th , 2018 .
It will serve as Chongqing 's connection with many destinations across south - western and north - western China .
Situated in Shangqiao area of Shapingba , near the intersections of the G93 Chengdu – Chongqing Ring Expressway and the G85 Chongqing – Kunming Expressways .
This is the third major railway station to serve Chongqing , after Chongqing North and Chongqing Stations .
It will serve as a stop on the Chongqing – Lanzhou High - Speed Railway , Xiangyang - Chongqing Railway , Chongqing – Guizhou High - Speed Railway , Chongqing - Kunming Railway and Chengdu – Chongqing Railway .
René Brülhart ( born 1972 ) is a Swiss lawyer from Fribourg , who currently serves as the President of the Board of Directors of the Financial Information Authority ( AIF ) of Vatican City .
Brühlhart was raised in Düdingen and studied law at the University of Fribourg between 1993 and 1997 .
Uematsu joined Square in 1986 , where he first met Final Fantasy creator Hironobu Sakaguchi .
After nearly two decades with Square , Uematsu left in 2004 to create his own production company , which included the Dog Ear Records music label .
From 2002 to 2010 , he was in a hard rock band with Square Enix colleagues Kenichiro Fukui and Tsuyoshi Sekito called The Black Mages , in which he played electronic organ and other keyboards .
" Pass It On " is a song by The Coral , which was taken as the second single from their 2003 album , Magic and Medicine .
" Pass It On " is The Coral 's highest charting single to date , reaching number five in the UK Singles Chart .
The song is similar in structure to The Beatles song " You Like Me Too Much " .
It appeared in an episode of Scrubs , " My Turf War " and is featured in the theatrical trailer for Ken Loach 's film Looking for Eric .
Reunification Day ( ) , Victory Day ( ) or Liberation Day ( or ) or the official name of Day of liberating the South for national reunification ( ) is a public holiday in Vietnam that marks the event when Việt Cộng and North Vietnamese troops captured Saigon ( now Ho Chi Minh City ) on April 30 , 1975 .
It was the start of the transition period toward reunification , which occurred in the national election for national reunification on July 2 , 1976 , when the Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam and Democratic Republic of Vietnam merged , forming the modern - day Socialist Republic of Vietnam .
Huda al - Attas ( ) is a Southern Yemeni journalist and author .
She was born in 1971 in Dawʿan in the Hadhramaut .
She has worked in the arts faculty at the University of Aden .
Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Assembly of the Republic .
Arctic Monkeys are a four - piece indie rock band from Sheffield , England .
Since signing for Domino Records in 2005 , the band have gained popularity in many parts of the world , and have gradually progressed to playing larger venues .
Following the release of " I Bet You Look Good on the Dancefloor " in October 2005 , the band had a near - continuous touring schedule that culminated with performances at the Reading and Leeds Festivals .
Following the release of their album , Favourite Worst Nightmare , on 23 April 2007 , the band began a series of tours that included a headline appearance at the Glastonbury Festival as well as hosting their own " mini - festival " at Lancashire County Cricket Ground .
Momme Peterson ( 1771 – 1835 ) was a Danish - Norwegian businessperson and politician .
He is best known for founding the company M. Peterson & Søn .
He migrated to Norway in 1793 , settled in the city of Moss and acquired burghership in 1801 .
The name M. Peterson & Søn was taken in 1828 .
Momme Peterson was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1821 , representing the constituency of Moss .
Here , he marked himself as an opponent of King Charles XIV John , who had several fruitless attempts to strengthen his control over the Norwegian Parliament .
The Original High is the third studio album by American singer Adam Lambert , released on June 12 , 2015 , by Warner Bros. Records .
Its executive producers are Max Martin and Shellback , the duo responsible for co - writing and producing Lambert 's early - career hits " Whataya Want from Me " and " If I Had You " .
The album marks Lambert 's first release since leaving previous record label , RCA Records .
The album was preceded by the release of its lead single , " Ghost Town " , on April 21 , 2015 .
" Another Lonely Night " was released as the album 's second single on October 9 , 2015 .
Pitești ( ) is a city in Romania , located on the Argeș River .
The capital and largest city of Argeș County , it is an important commercial and industrial center , as well as the home of two universities .
Pitești is situated in the historical region of Muntenia .
It lies on the A1 freeway connecting the city directly to the national capital Bucharest , being an important railway junction , with a classification yard in nearby Bălilești .
The city houses the Arpechim oil refinery , and is a marketing center for the automotive industry , in particular Automobile Dacia .
TET / PRAO ( Työelämään tutustuminen in Finnish , Praktisk arbetslivsorientering in Swedish , lit .
familiarization with working life ) is a program providing one to three weeks of experience working in a real job during middle school ( lower secondary education ) in Finland and Sweden .
Andrew Caldwell Mailer ( April 4 , 1853 – December 3 , 1909 ) was an American politician .
He was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate , representing Wisconsin 's 2nd Senate District from 1897 to 1901 .
Mailer was born in De Pere , Wisconsin , and attended Lawrence University in Appleton , the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor , Rush Medical College in Chicago , and the Bellevue Hospital Medical College in New York City .
The Shoemaker 's Holiday or the Gentle Craft is an Elizabethan play written by Thomas Dekker .
The play is a " citizen " drama , or a depiction of the life of members of London 's livery companies , and it follows in Dekker 's style of depicting everyday life in London .
The events of the play occur during the reign of King Henry VI , though also hinting at the reign of Henry V. Henry V succeeded his father , Henry IV , as leader of England following Henry IV 's death in 1413 at the age of 26 .
He is best known for securing the French crown and for his depiction in Shakespeare 's plays Henry IV , Part 1 , Henry IV , Part 2 , and Henry V. Dekker uses this correlation in The Shoemaker 's Holiday , as an English king appears in scenes 19 and 21 ; however , he is only identified as " The King " in the speech prefix in the first printed edition of the play .
" Putting Holes in Happiness " is Marilyn Manson 's second single from his sixth studio album Eat Me , Drink Me .
Written on his birthday ( January 5 , 2007 ) , the song was initially set as the first single from the album , but this was soon changed at the request of Manson 's record label , Interscope , and " Heart - Shaped Glasses ( When the Heart Guides the Hand ) " was released instead as the album 's first single ( similar to the case of " Get Your Gunn " from the band 's debut ) .
Dune II : The Building of a Dynasty ( titled Dune II : Battle for Arrakis in Europe and Dune : The Battle for Arrakis for the North American Mega Drive / Genesis port respectively ) is a real - time strategy Dune video game developed by Westwood Studios and released by Virgin Games in December 1992 .
It is based upon David Lynch 's 1984 movie Dune , an adaptation of Frank Herbert 's science fiction novel of the same name .
While not necessarily the first real - time strategy ( RTS ) video game , Dune II established the format that would be followed for years to come .
Striking a balance between complexity and innovation , it was a huge success and laid the foundation for Command & Conquer , Warcraft , StarCraft , and many other RTS games that followed .
, formerly , was an international airline registered in Shinagawa , Tokyo , Japan , with its headquarters and its main hub at Narita International Airport .
Its operations included scheduled and non - scheduled international passenger services to 15 high - density low yield tourist destinations in nine countries using a fleet of Boeing only aircraft wet - leased from Japan Airlines .
JALways was founded as Japan Air Charter on October 5 , 1990 and began charter operations with a McDonnell Douglas DC-10 on February 22 , 1991 .
In the fiscal year ended March 31 , 1999 , JALways , together with its sister airlines within the JAL Group , carried over 32 million passengers and over 1.1 million tons of cargo and mail .
JALways was once a wholly owned subsidiary of Japan 's flag carrier , Japan Airlines , but on December 1 , 2010 its operations were merged into those of its parent company .
Around 1113 , the ongoing rivalry between the warrior monks of Mii - dera and Enryaku - ji erupted into outright violence in the streets of Kyoto .
Upon being defeated in the Hōgen Rebellion , Tameyoshi took the tonsure and was released into the custody of his son Minamoto no Yoshitomo who then had him beheaded .
This was an unprecedented breaking of Buddhist values in Japan , yet no one in the court berated Yoshitomo for his actions at the time until after his death .
In August 2018 , all restaurants except for the Omaha , NE and Secaucus , NJ locations were closed , including the original restaurant in Indianapolis .
In September 2018 , the Omaha , NE closed meaning the only Cheeseburger in Paradise left in the U.S. is in Secaucus , NJ
Cheeseburger in Paradise is a casual dining restaurant chain in the United States .
Catoosa Wildlife Management Area is a large game - management area on the Upper Cumberland Plateau in Morgan , Cumberland and Fentress counties in Tennessee in the United States .
It comprises 82,000 acres ( 332   km ) of wild land administered by the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency ( TWRA ) .
It has many trails for hiking , of which the most notable is the Cumberland Trail .
Many rivers and streams have cut deep canyons into the Cumberland Plateau and Cumberland Mountains of the Management area allowing for beautiful vistas .
Catoosa and several other WMAs are closed to entry between sunset and sunrise in order to reduce the effect of the activities that are considered incompatible to established wildlife management practices .
According to DNA fingerprinting studies , breadfruit has its origins in the region of Oceania from New Guinea through the Indo - Malayan Archipelago to western Micronesia .
Lake Blouin ( ) is an ellipse shaped natural fresh water lake in the Abitibi - Témiscamingue Administrative Region , Quebec , Canada .
It is relatively shallow with a maximum depth of , and is located just north of the city of Val - d’Or , Quebec .
The lake lies within the Clay Belt , a vast tract of fairly flat land with fertile soil covering in northwest Quebec and northeast Ontario .
Ernst Ludwig Gerber ( 29 September 1746 in Sondershausen , Germany – 30 June 1819 in Sondershausen ) was a German composer and author of a famous dictionary of musicians .
Anti - Katyn ( , ) is a propaganda campaign intended to reduce the impact of the Katyn massacre of 1940 — when approximately 22,000 Polish citizens were murdered by the NKVD on the orders of Joseph Stalin — by referencing the deaths of thousands of Russian and Red Army soldiers at Polish internment camps from 1919 – 1924 .
After the Soviet government admitted that it had previously tried to cover up its responsibility for the massacre by claiming that it was perpetrated by the Nazi German army , previously neglected research into the fate of Soviet POWs in Poland in 1920s was revived to be used as a " tit - for - tat " argument in the discussions of Katyn .
Polish historian Andrzej Nowak summarized " Anti - Katyn " as an attempt by some Russian historians and publicists to " overshadow the memory of the crimes of the Soviet system against the Poles , creating imaginary analogies or even justification " because of the earlier deaths of the prisoners of war .
" Irony " is a song recorded by the South Korean girl group Wonder Girls , written and produced by Park Jin - young .
It was released as their debut single and the lead single from their debut album The Wonder Years on February 13 , 2007 , through JYP Entertainment .
It was also released as a maxi single and extended play ( EP ) , titled The Wonder Begins .
Three tracks , including " Bad Boy " , " It 's Not Love " , and a remix version of " Irony " , were on the EP .
An accompanying music video was also released and shows Sohee , Yeeun , Sunmi and Hyuna 's revenge on Sunye 's unfaithful boyfriend by using a voodoo doll to embarrass him .
The expedition required two ships : Endurance under Shackleton for the Weddell Sea party , and Aurora , under Aeneas Mackintosh , for the Ross Sea party .
She represented the United States as a 19-year - old at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp , Belgium , where she received a pair of medals .
Sigmaringen Castle ( German : Schloss Sigmaringen ) was the princely castle and seat of government for the Princes of Hohenzollern - Sigmaringen .
Situated in the Swabian Alb region of Baden - Württemberg , Germany , this castle dominates the skyline of the town of Sigmaringen .
Schloss Sigmaringen was a family estate of the Swabian Hohenzollern family , a cadet branch of the Hohenzollern family , from which the German Emperors and kings of Prussia came .
During the closing months of World War II , Schloss Sigmaringen was briefly the seat of the Vichy French Government after France was liberated by the Allies .
Russia gave official recognition on 11 June , 2006 , and was the first permanent member of the United Nations Security Council to do so .
The last two permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , France and the People 's Republic of China recognised the government of Montenegro on 14 June .
Cascais ( ) is a city and municipality in the Greater Lisbon region of Portugal , located on the Portuguese Riviera .
Cascais is one of the wealthiest municipalities in both Portugal and the Iberian Peninsula .
Son of the prominent Pashtun nationalist leader Bacha Khan , Wali Khan was an activist and a writer against the British Raj like his father .
After the formation of Pakistan in 1947 , Wali Khan became a controversial figure in Pakistani politics during his political career because of his association to the Congress which opposed the creation of Pakistan .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) is a unit of the United States Department of Labor .
It is the principal fact - finding agency for the U.S. government in the broad field of labor economics and statistics and serves as a principal agency of the U.S. Federal Statistical System .
To avoid the appearance of partiality , the dates of major data releases are scheduled more than a year in advance , in coordination with the Office of Management and Budget .
It is native to the eastern United States from Maine south to northern Florida and west to Ohio and eastern Texas .
Kaido started his videogaming career at Taito in 1987 , where he worked as project leader and lead game designer on arcade titles Bonze Adventure , Night Striker , Champion Wrestler , Cameltry , Sonic Blast Man , Warrior Blade and Dead Connection .
In 1997 , Kaido left Taito and joined Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
There he started working on the game Ape Escape as its lead game designer and associate producer .
Most recently , Kaido worked as product manager and producer for Ico in 2001 , and Shadow of the Colossus in 2005 .
He left Sony in August 2012 .
Marcia Ingram Jones Smoke ( born July 18 , 1941 ) is an American sprint canoer .
A native of Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , Jones graduated from Michigan State University .
Delaware Valley Regional High School is a regional , four - year public high school and school district , that serves students in western Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States .
The high school is located in Alexandria Township .
Students hail from the townships of Alexandria , Holland and Kingwood along with the boroughs of Frenchtown and Milford .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group " GH " , the third - highest of eight groupings .
Howell Works ( later the Howell Works Company ) was a bog iron - based production facility for pig iron which was established in New Jersey in the early 19th century by American engineer and philanthropist James P. Allaire .
Today , the Howell Works is a registered historic site known as Allaire Village .
Liberty is a borough in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Liberty does not have its own post office .
The zip code is 15133 , and mail is addressed to the city of McKeesport .
Liberty is part of the South Allegheny School District , along with Glassport , Lincoln , and Port Vue , and is home to the district 's high school and early childhood center .
Liberty was at one time part of Port Vue but gained its " liberty " from Port Vue in 1912 , thus the origin of the name of the town .
The Gossler Islands in Antarctica are named in honour of the family .
The family is descended from weavers and burghers in the city - republic of Hamburg , and rose to great prominence in Hamburg in the late 18th century as a result of Johann Hinrich Gossler 's marriage to Elisabeth Berenberg , the last member of the Belgian - origined Berenberg family and the sole heir to Berenberg Bank .
The crann - nan - gad was a type of plough formerly used in the Western Isles of Scotland .
It was one of the earliest types of plough used in Hebridean crofting , and consisted of a small crooked piece of wood with an iron tip at one end and a top - mounted handle or stilt ( thus , a single - stilted plough ) .
It was widely used in the larger Hebridean islands , speading from Harris to Lewis in the mid-18th century .
In addition to Lewis and Harris , it was also used on the Uists and Barra .
A single example of the crann - nan - gad is preserved in the collections of the National Museum of Scotland .
The Gouina Hydroelectric Plant is a run - of - the - river - type hydroelectric installation currently being constructed on Gouina Falls along the Senegal River in Mali .
It is located about southeast of Diamou in the Kayes Region .
The plant is expected to be complete in 2017 and will provide power to Mauritania , Mali and Senegal .
Ram Awana ( Born in Noida , India to a Gurjar family ) is an Indian film and television actor .
He appeared in National Award winning films such as Lahore and Baaja , directed by Apurba Kishore Bir .
He is also known for television shows such as Jai Shri Krishna , Dwarkadheesh – Bhagwaan Shree Krishn , Tere Mere Sapne , Life Lafde Aur Bandiyan , Shri Prannathji , , Sarojini - Ek Nayi Pehal , Crime Patrol , Balika Vadhu , Gutur Gu , Adaalat , CID , Durga and many more .
He has worked in more than 200 Hindi TV shows .
The Safi tribe comprises a majority in the Pech Valley of Kunar and are present in significant numbers in Parwan Province ( Kohi Safi ) , Kapisa Province , Kabul Province , Laghman Province , Nuristan Province and the whole of Kunar Province . A reasonable majority of those who were living on the Durand Line migrated since 1900 into the different urban and rural areas of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , particularly Peshawar , Charsadda , Mardan , Nowshehra , Swabi .
They are also present in large number in Mohmand , Bajaur Agency , Federally Administered Tribal Areas and in Zhob District , Balochistan , Pakistan .
The Wayne State University College of Engineering is responsible for all engineering related programs at Wayne State University .
With alumni of the college totaling over 25,000 , it is one of the premier engineering colleges in Michigan along with being in the top 30 % of the country .
The College of Engineering is located in the Wayne State campus in Detroit .
It is located in the College of Engineering building which is shared with the Danto Engineering Development Center .
Hit Records was a record company based in Nashville , Tennessee , which specialized in sound - alike cover versions of hit records .
Founded in 1962 by Bill Beasley , Hit Records were sold in dime stores for 39¢ ( US ) , less than half the price of the hit recordings they were covering .
Located in Nashville , the home base for the country music recording business in the United States , the company had a pool of talented singers and musicians to record the cover songs .
" My Gift Is You " is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani for her fourth studio album , You Make It Feel Like Christmas ( 2017 ) .
It was released digitally on October 6 , 2017 , along with the rest of the parent album , through Interscope Records .
The Prime Minister of Vietnam ( ) , officially styled Prime Minister of the Government of the Socialist Republic ( ) , is the head of government of Vietnam who presides over the meetings of the Central Government ( formerly the Council of Ministers ) .
The prime minister directs the work of government members , and may propose deputy prime ministers to the National Assembly .
The head of government is responsible to the National Assembly and serves as the Deputy Chairman of the Council for Defence and Security .
Since the death of Pham Hung in 1988 , the prime minister has been ranked 3rd in the order of precedence of the Communist Party 's Politburo , the highest decision - making body in Vietnam .
Nadiya Jamir Hussain ( née Begum ; born 25 December 1984 ) is a British TV Chef , author and television presenter .
She rose to fame after winning the sixth series of BBC 's The Great British Bake Off in 2015 .
Since winning , she signed contracts with the BBC to host the documentary The Chronicles of Nadiya , TV cookery series , Nadiya 's British Food Adventure and Nadiya ’s Family Favourites , co - presented The Big Family Cooking Showdown , and regular contributor on The One Show .
In 2017 , Hussain was named by Debrett 's as one of the 500 most influential people in the UK and was on BBC News ' 100 Women list .
In 2017 , Hussain was shortlisted for Children ’s Book of the Year prize at the British Book Awards for Bake Me A Story and was nominated for Breakthrough star at the Royal Television Society Awards for The Chronicles of Nadiya .
Mill Creek Mountain is a continuous mountain ridge that runs northeast through Hampshire and Hardy counties in the Eastern Panhandle region of the U.S. state of West Virginia .
Rising to its greatest elevation of at High Knob , Mill Creek is a folded mountain ridge , belonging to the Ridge - and - Valley Appalachians .
Mill Creek Mountain forms the western edge of the South Branch Potomac River Valley and is named for Mill Creek that carves through it at Mechanicsburg Gap allowing the Northwestern Turnpike ( U.S. Route 50 ) to pass through as well .
Along with Sawmill Ridge ( 1,716 feet/523 m ) , Mill Creek Mountain forms the Trough along the South Branch .
Hanging Rocks at Wappocomo , south of Springfield , are located on the northern edge of the gap in Mill Creek Mountain formed by the South Branch .
France is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in western Europe , as well as several overseas regions and territories .
A member of the Group of 7 ( formerly G8 ) leading industrialised countries , , it is ranked as the world 's ninth - largest and the EU 's second - largest economy by purchasing power parity .
The leading French banks are BNP Paribas and the Crédit Agricole , ranking as the world 's largest and sixth - largest banks in 2010 ( by assets ) , while the Société Générale group was ranked the world 's eighth - largest in 2009 .
The Sheffield School of Architecture is an architecture school in Sheffield , England , and part of the University of Sheffield .
It is located on the top six floors of the Arts Tower .
The Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide 2015 placed SSoA among the top two schools of architecture in the UK ( up from 3rd in the Times 2014 Guide ) .
The school was rated 2nd by architectural practices in the Architects Journal , AJ100 2014 list of the best schools of architecture in the UK .
It is one of the longest established architecture schools in the UK , having opened in 1908 .
In the Research Excellence Framework ( REF ) 2014 SSoA ranked 4th in the UK .
It also has an active student society ( SUAS ) .
The Madrassa of Al - Nasir Muhammad is a madrassa and mausoleum located in the Bayn al - Qasrayn region of Cairo , Egypt .
The Snowy Mountains scheme or Snowy scheme is a hydroelectricity and irrigation complex in south - east Australia .
The Scheme was completed under the supervision of Chief Engineer , Sir William Hudson and is the largest engineering project undertaken in Australia .
The water of the Snowy River and some of its tributaries , much of which formerly flowed southeast onto the river flats of East Gippsland , and into Bass Strait of the Tasman sea , is captured at high elevations and diverted inland to the Murray and Murrumbidgee Rivers irrigation areas , through two major tunnel systems driven through the Continental Divide of the Snowy Mountains , known in Australia as the Great Dividing Range .
The water falls and travels through large hydro - electric power stations which generate peak - load power for the Australian Capital Territory , New South Wales and Victoria .
In 2016 , the Snowy Mountains Scheme was added to the Australian National Heritage List .
He then was a teacher at the universities of Montreal and Washington ( in Seattle ) , assistant professor at the University of Geneva and vice - director of the European Centre for Minority Issues in Flensburg , Germany .
Delegation to the EU - Kazakhstan , EU - Kyrgyzstan and EU - Uzbekistan Parliamentary Cooperation Committees , and for relations with Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Mongolia and a substitute for the Delegation to the EU - Romania Joint Parliamentary Committee .
Mikhail Naumovich Epstein (; or Epshtein , born April 21 , 1950 ) is a Russian - American literary theorist and critical thinker .
Mikhail Epstein is Samuel Candler Dobbs Professor of Cultural Theory and Russian Literature at Emory University , USA .
He worked as Professor of Russian and Cultural Theory at Durham University , UK , in 2012 – 2015 .
He moved from the USSR ( Moscow ) to the USA ( Atlanta ) in 1990 and from the USA to England ( Durham ) in 2012 and then back to Atlanta , to resume teaching at Emory , in 2015 .
The Missouri Photo Workshop is an annual week - long photojournalism school based in Lee Hills Hall at the Missouri School of Journalism in Columbia , Missouri .
West Cornwall is a name used to refer to the westernmost part of Cornwall in the United Kingdom .
It is also used by Cornwall Council and Cornwall Housing as part of their resource allocation and area management plans , in which Cornwall is divided into three sections , west , central and east .
The South West Coast Path also uses West Cornwall to describe its westernmost parts .
West Cornwall covers the area of the Penwith and Kerrier districts , stopping at Carrick which is central Cornwall .
Some maps show West Cornwall as covering a smaller area , ending at a line between Hayle and Helston , making West Cornwall the distinct landform at the very South - Western tip of Cornwall .
West Cornwall Hospital is located in Penzance , West Cornwall .
Penzance , St Ives , Hayle , Helston and Land 's End are notable places located in West Cornwall .
North Carolina is another state that has recently gained accolades for its farmstead cheeses , even creating the WNC Cheese Trail .
In the United States , the top states for farmstead cheesmaking include Vermont , California , and Wisconsin , although farmstead cheese is growing rapidly in other states , like Georgia , as well .
Humber was a provincial electoral district ( riding ) in Ontario , Canada .
It was created prior to the 1955 provincial election from parts of the York West and York South ridings .
It was eliminated in 1996 , when most of its territory was incorporated into the ridings of Etobicoke Centre and Etobicoke — Lakeshore .
Humber was located in the municipalities of York , Toronto , and Etobicoke .
From 1955 to 1963 it was known as York — Humber and existed mostly on the east side of the Humber River .
He was the father of King Norodom Sihanouk and the grandfather of Cambodia 's current king , Norodom Sihamoni .
He was the son of Prince Norodom Sutharot and grandson of King Norodom .
Suramarit 's father Sutharot was a cousin of King Sisowath Monivong ; Monivong 's father , King Sisowath , was the brother and successor of King Norodom .
Suramarit became Monivong 's son - in - law when he married Monivong 's daughter Sisowath Kosamak .
Upon Monivong 's death in 1941 , Sihanouk , Suramarit 's son and Monivong 's grandson , was selected as the new king .
In 1955 , Sihanouk abdicated in favor of his father .
The Committee of Public Safety ( ) , created in April 1793 by the National Convention and then restructured in July 1793 , formed the de facto executive government in France during the Reign of Terror ( 1793 – 1794 ) , a stage of the French Revolution .
Following the defeat at the Convention of the Girondins in July 1793 , a prominent Jacobin identified as a radical , Maximilien Robespierre , was added to the Committee .
Carin Mannheimer ( born Karin Birgitta Jacobson ; 17 August 1934 – 11 July 2014 ) was a Swedish dramatist , screenwriter , author and film director , born in Osby , Sweden .
She garnered acclaim with Rapport om kvinnor ( swedish : Report on Women ) , which was published in 1969 .
The book is a collection of interviews with Swedish women from the working class .
The lower house was dissolved on March 27 , 1838 following the Lower Canada Rebellion and Lower Canada was administered by an appointed Special Council .
With the Act of Union in 1840 , a new lower chamber , the Legislative Assembly of Canada , was created for both Upper and Lower Canada which existed until 1867 , when the Legislative Assembly of Quebec was created .
Zork Nemesis : The Forbidden Lands is a 1996 graphic adventure game , developed by Zombie LLC and published by Activision .
It is the eleventh game in the Zork series , and the first such title not to appear under the Infocom label .
Eat Your Face is the eighth album by the Huntington Beach , California punk rock band Guttermouth , released in 2004 by Epitaph Records and Volcom Entertainment .
It was hailed as a " return to form " after the stylistic experimentations of 2002 's Gusto , going back to the band 's tried - and - true style of fast , abrasive punk rock with tongue - in - cheek humor and sarcastic lyrics .
The album marked a period of transition for the band , whose founding guitarist Eric Davis had left the group early in 2004 and been replaced by Donald Horne .
It was also their only album with bassist Kevin Clark , and their last with longtime drummer Ty Smith .
In the summer of 2004 Guttermouth embarked on the Vans Warped Tour in support of Eat Your Face .
Singer Mark Adkins would often openly insult other acts from onstage , and the band members mocked the anti - Republican agenda of many of the tour 's performers by selling T - shirts and displaying banners that proclaimed support for President George W. Bush .
Eat Your Face was released jointly by Epitaph Records and Volcom Entertainment .
It would be the band 's final recording for Epitaph , as they would move fully to Volcom for their next album , 2006 's Shave the Planet .
The Duchy of Nassau ( German : Herzogtum Nassau ) was an independent state between 1806 and 1866 , located in what is now the German states of Rhineland - Palatinate and Hesse .
It was a member of the Confederation of the Rhine and later of the German Confederation .
Its ruling dynasty , now extinct , was the House of Nassau .
The duchy was named for its historical core city , Nassau , although Wiesbaden rather than Nassau was its capital .
After being occupied and annexed into the Kingdom of Prussia in 1866 following the Austro - Prussian War , it was incorporated into the Province of Hesse - Nassau .
The area today is a geographical and historical region , Nassau , and Nassau is also the name of the Nassau Nature Park within the borders of the former duchy .
Today , the Grand Duke of Luxembourg still uses " Duke of Nassau " as his secondary title ( of pretense ) , and " Prince " or " Princess of Nassau " is used as a title of pretense by other members of the grand ducal family .
Nassau is also part of the name of the Dutch royal family , which styles itself Orange - Nassau .
It premiered to great success at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples on 19 November 1825 followed by productions in the major opera houses of Italy , Austria , France , and Portugal .
L'ultimo giorno di Pompei influenced either directly or indirectly several other 19th - century works , most notably Karl Bryullov 's 1833 painting , The Last Day of Pompeii .
Big Star 's Third refers to a series of tribute concerts built on Big Star 's 1975 album Third / Sister Lovers .
TLA Releasing is a US film distribution company owned by TLA Entertainment Group .
In July 2011 , the UK division lost its entire inventory of DVDs when rioters in London burnt down a Sony warehouse .
Petr Braiko ( 9 September 1919 – 7 April 2018 ) was a Soviet soldier during the Second World War who gained the status of Hero of the Soviet Union following the conflict .
Michael Morris Rosbash ( born March 7 , 1944 ) is an American geneticist and chronobiologist .
Rosbash was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2003 .
Alfred Jarry (; 8 September 1873 – 1 November 1907 ) was a French symbolist writer who is best known for his play Ubu Roi ( 1896 ) .
Jarry was born in Laval , Mayenne , France , and his mother was from Brittany .
His play Ubu Roi is often cited as a forerunner of Dada , and to the Surrealist and Futurist movements of the 1920s and 1930 .
" The State " is a fictional totalitarian world government in a future history that forms the back - story of three of Larry Niven 's novels : A World Out of Time ( 1976 ) , The Integral Trees ( 1984 ) , and The Smoke Ring ( 1987 ) .
It is also the setting of two short stories , " Rammer " ( which became the first chapter of A World Out of Time ) and " The Kiteman " ( printed in N - Space ) as well as a stalled fourth novel , The Ghost Ships .
After several years in development , Niven announced that The Ghost Ships would never be made , and wrote The Ringworld Throne instead .
The Basilica of Saint Mary in the Old Town historic district , of Alexandria , Virginia , ( United States ) and is a minor basilica and parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Arlington in Virginia .
St. Mary 's Basilica is the oldest Roman Catholic church in the Commonwealth of Virginia and located in one of its oldest cities in Old Town Alexandria .
In June 2012 The Adults performed a concert with the Christchurch Symphony Orchestra at CBS Arena in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Devdas Mohandas Gandhi ( 22 May 1900 – 3 August 1957 ) was the fourth and youngest son of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi .
Devdas fell in love with Lakshmi , the daughter of C. Rajagopalachari , Devdas 's father 's associate in the Indian independence struggle .
Devdas and Lakshmi had four children , Rajmohan Gandhi , Gopalkrishna Gandhi , Ramchandra Gandhi and Tara Gandhi Bhattacharjee ( born 24 April 1934 , New Delhi ) .
Leading musical institutions include the Paris Opera , the Orchestre de Paris , and the Paris Conservatory , the first state music conservatory in Europe .
The Primary Reserve of the Canadian Armed Forces ( ) is the first and largest of the four sub - components of the Canadian Forces reserves , followed by the Supplementary Reserve , the Canadian Rangers , and the Cadet Organizations Administration and Training Service ( formerly the Cadet Instructors Cadre ) .
The Primary Reserve consists of sailors , soldiers and airmen who train to the level of , and are interchangeable with , their Regular Force counterparts , as per the " total force " policy outlined in both the 1987 and 1994 Defence White Papers , and are posted to CF operations or duties on an ongoing basis .
Each reserve force is operationally and administratively responsible to its corresponding environmental command ; those being the Royal Canadian Navy , the Canadian Army and the Royal Canadian Air Force .
According to different genealogies , he had taken Narabhupal Shah and his mother Malikavati in custody for three months .
After the death of his grandfather , Narabhupal Shah became the King of Gorkha in 1716 and died in 1743 .
His son , King Prithvi Narayan Shah , succeeding him began unification of small principalities to found modern Nepal .
Rashtriya Samajwadi Congress ( RSC ) ( National Socialist Congress ) was a political party in the Indian state of West Bengal from 1986 to 1989 .
RSC was founded by Indian National Congress leader Pranab Mukherjee who is the former President of India , as a result of the leadership struggle within the Indian National Congress after the demise of Indira Gandhi .
It addresses the subject of female genital mutilation , a common practice in a number of African countries , from Egypt to Nigeria .
The film was a co - production between companies from several Francophone nations : Senegal , France , Burkina Faso , Cameroon , Morocco , and Tunisia .
It was filmed in the remote village of Djerrisso , Burkina Faso .
The Ringbahn ( German for Circular Railway ) is a long railway line of the Berlin S - Bahn network in Germany , around the city centre .
S - Bahn service on the line is provided by lines S 41 ( clockwise ) and S 42 ( anticlockwise ) , carrying 400,000 passengers a day .
The Ring is structured by the east - west railway thoroughfare called the Stadtbahn ( city railway ) , crossing the Ring in the west at Westkreuz and in the east at Ostkreuz ( Eastern Crossing ) into a Südring ( Southern Ring ) and a Nordring ( Northern Ring ) , and by the north - south S - Bahn link ( with the North - South S - Bahn - tunnel as its central part ) crossing at Gesundbrunnen station in the north and both Schöneberg station and Südkreuz in the south into a Westring ( Western Ring ) and an Ostring ( Eastern Ring ) .
These four sections served as tariff zones of the railway Berlin suburban fare structure before the previous world war .
Today , the Ringbahn is the boundary of the " A " zone in the Verkehrsverbund Berlin - Brandenburg transport association 's fare structure , and the road traffic control zone for the low emissions established on 1 January 2008 .
Puddletown is a village and associated civil parish in the West Dorset district of Dorset , England .
The village is situated about northeast of the county town Dorchester and is sited by the River Piddle , from which it derives its name .
Puddletown 's civil parish covers and extends to the neighbouring River Frome to the south .
Thomas Hardy took an interest in the church , and the village provided the inspiration for the fictional settlement of Weatherbury in his novel Far from the Madding Crowd ; Weatherbury Farm , the home of principal character Bathsheba Everdene , is based on a manor house within the parish .
Little Bay de Noc is a bay in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan .
The bay opens into Lake Michigan 's Green Bay .
The bay , consisting of approximately 30,000 acres ( 120   km² ) , is enclosed by Delta County .
The cities of Escanaba and Gladstone are on the west side of the bay .
Douglass Houghton came to Sand Point ( in Escanaba ) in 1844 with his party of government surveyors to chart the land to the north .
A bit further north , Gladstone was founded in 1887 by U.S.
Senator from Minnesota , William D. Washburn , to serve as a rail - lake terminal for lumber products .
The Escanaba , Days , Tacoosh , Rapid , and Whitefish rivers all drain into the bay .
Rapid River marks the mouth of the eponymous river and the head of the bay .
The Good Food Institute ( GFI ) is a U.S .- based 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit that promotes plant - based meat , dairy , and egg substitutes as well as clean meat ( also known as cultured meat ) alternatives to the products of conventional animal agriculture .
In the United Kingdom and Ireland , a retained firefighter , also known as an RDS Firefighter or on - call firefighter , is a firefighter who does not work full - time but is paid to spend long periods of time on call to respond to emergencies through the Retained Duty System .
Typically , retained firefighters are employed in rural areas or in large villages or small towns .
They provide cover to 90 % of the area of the UK - there are 14,000 in England and Wales .
Of the approximately 8,500 operational firefighters in Scotland , about 32 % are retained .
London Fire Brigade , West Midlands Fire Service and Guernsey Fire and Rescue Service are the only three fire and rescue services in the British Islands that do not have any retained firefighters .
The Fire Brigades Union ( FBU ) and the Retained Firefighters ' Union ( RFU ) represent the interests of retained firefighters across the country .
Sheng Long is a character hoax related to the Street Fighter series , created by Electronic Gaming Monthly ( EGM ) as an April Fools ' prank in 1992 ( in an issue published mid - February ) .
The joke , based upon a mistranslation that suggested the existence of a character named Sheng Long in the Capcom fighting game Street Fighter II , described a method to fight the character in the game .
As a result of discussion revolving around the possibility of the character 's appearance in Street Fighter III during the game 's development , EGM revisited the joke in 1997 , printing an updated version of the hoax for the title while establishing a backstory and appearance for the character in the process .
The hoax influenced the creation of both Akuma and Gouken as characters in the Street Fighter series , with the former appearing in Super Street Fighter II Turbo as a secret boss .
Fan appeal for the character affected later Capcom titles , with public requests for the inclusion of Sheng Long in an actual video game leading to the consideration of his inclusion in the video game and years later resulting in the appearance of Gouken as both a secret boss and playable character in Street Fighter IV .
Moreton Island is a large sand island on the eastern side of Moreton Bay , on the coast of South East Queensland , Australia .
Due to the island 's importance in navigating the northern passage into Moreton Bay and Brisbane , at least five lighthouses were constructed on the island , starting with Cape Moreton Light in 1857 , the first lighthouse in Queensland , and followed by at least four more lighthouses established from the 1860s , at Comboyuro Point , North Point , Cowan Cowan Point and Yellow Patch .
Comboyuro Point Light , Cowan Cowan Point Light and Yellow Patch Light all had to be moved from their original location due to coastal erosion .
Of the five lighthouses , only Cape Moreton Light survived and is still active today .
Falck Group is an Italian company located in Sesto San Giovanni .
At the end of the nineties the Falck Group , still run by the Falck family , turned to the production of renewable energy , through the subsidiary Falck Renewables .
It was founded in 1906 in Milan by Giorgio Enrico Falck under the name Società anonima Acciaierie e Ferriere Lombarde .
" Be Without You " is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige .
It was written by Johnta Austin , Bryan Michael Cox , Jason Perry and Blige for her seventh studio album , The Breakthrough .
In March 2017 , Billboard Magazine ranked " Be Without You " as the most successful R&B;/Hip - Hop Song of all time .
It is also one of Mary J. Blige 's most successful singles to date , peaking at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Cocalico Creek is a tributary of the Conestoga River in Lebanon and Lancaster counties in Pennsylvania in the United States .
The source is at an elevation of near Stricklerstown in Millcreek Township , Lebanon County .
The mouth is the confluence with the Conestoga River at an elevation of at Talmage in West Earl Township , Lancaster County .
It comes from the Lenape word Gookcalicunk ( pronounced " Gook Cal - eek Unk ) which means “ Snake Sleep Place ” in English .
The Lenape considered modern East Cocalico , West Cocalico , Clay , Warwick , Elizabeth , and Penn townships , Lancaster County , Mill Creek Township , Lebanon County , and the Middle Creek Wildlife Management Area as part of Gookcalicunk .
The Cocalico Creek watershed has a total area of and is part of the larger Chesapeake Bay drainage basin via the Susquehanna River .
Music from the Warner Bros. Picture " Sparkle " is a soundtrack album by American singer Aretha Franklin , written and produced by Curtis Mayfield .
The songs on the soundtrack feature the instrumental tracks and backing vocals from the film versions , with Franklin 's voice taking the place of the original lead vocalists .
This album returned Aretha to gold status after two low - selling albums .
The first single release , " Something He Can Feel " , was a # 1 R&B ; hit for her and reached # 28 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
However , it was Aretha 's only Pop Top 40 hit during the second half of the 1970s .
In 2009 , it was reissued on Rhino Records ' budget Flashback Records label .
The songs " Something He Can Feel " and " Hooked on Your Love " were covered by En Vogue on their 1992 multi - platinum hit album Funky Divas .
Since 2005 , he has put Alexander Downer in a red door on the beach ; Natasha Stott Despoja , Steven Marshall and Kirsten Alexander , mayor of the City of Charles Sturt in full mayoral gown and gold chains , in the sea , drinking tea ; two dozen leaders of various faiths holding hands along the water 's edge , including both the Anglican and Catholic Archbishops ; arranged for the West Australian Symphony Orchestra to play a symphony in the sea ; put a herd of cows in the Indian ocean ; stood Malcolm Turnbull and over 100 suited volunteers holding umbrellas aloft in the dawn surf at Bondi Beach , then replicated this with Colin Barnett and suited volunteers at Cottesloe beach ; seated twelve suited volunteers on toilets reading papers along the water 's edge , including Australian politician and former Ambassador to Italy , Amanda Vanstone ; and provided brightly coloured sheep to the SA branch of the United Nations Association of Australia " to mark the International Year of Family Farming . "
The Mega Drive and Game Gear versions were branded as Sega Sports Striker .
They were published by SEGA and developed by Rage Software in 1994 and released in 1995 .
Ladies Night is the third studio album by English girl group Atomic Kitten released on 10 November 2003 .
" If You Come to Me " was released as the lead single from the album on 27 October 2003 followed by the second single " Ladies ' Night " featuring Kool & the Gang , which was released on 15 December 2003 .
The third and final single " Someone like Me " was released on 29 March 2004 and was the group 's official last single following the announcement of their indefinite hiatus , although the album version of the single only contains Liz McClarnon 's vocals .
" Be with You " is featured on the album but not listed as a single from the album due to being released a year earlier as a double A - side single with " The Last Goodbye " , which featured on the group 's second album Feels So Good ( 2002 ) .
The SpaceX South Texas Launch Site is a spaceport being built at Boca Chica Village near Brownsville , Texas for the private use of Space Exploration Technologies Corporation ( SpaceX ) .
The launch site was originally intended to support launches of the Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launch vehicles as well as " a variety of reusable suborbital launch vehicles " , but SpaceX changed its plans by 2018 and indicated that the site would be used exclusively for BFR .
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk indicated in 2014 that he expected " commercial astronauts , private astronauts , to be departing from South Texas , " and he foresaw launching spacecraft to Mars from there .
During 2012 through mid-2014 , SpaceX was considering seven potential locations around the United States for the new commercial launch pad .
For much of this period , a parcel of land adjacent to Boca Chica Beach near Brownsville , Texas was the leading candidate location , during an extended period while the US Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) conducted an extensive environmental assessment on the use of the Texas location as a launch site .
When completed , it will become SpaceX 's fourth active launch facility , following three launch locations that are leased from the US government .
" The Ripper " is a single by British heavy metal band Judas Priest , first released in March 1976 .
It was also featured on their 1976 studio album Sad Wings of Destiny .
Like " Epitaph " it 's one of the band 's most Queen - inspired songs .
Glenn Tipton penned the song shortly after joining the band , but producer Rodger Bain rejected including it on their first album Rocka Rolla .
The original version that Tipton wrote was much longer than the one eventually included on Sad Wings of Destiny at nearly eight minutes as well as played at a slower tempo .
Lone Horn 's sons were Spotted Elk ( later known as Big Foot ) and Touch the Clouds , and Crazy Horse was his nephew .
After Lone Horn 's death his adopted son Spotted Elk eventually became chief of the Minneconjou and was later killed along with his people at the Wounded Knee Massacre in 1890 .
River City Ransom , later released as Street Gangs in the PAL regions , is an open world action role - playing beat 'em up video game for the Family Computer / NES .
It is the third game in Technos ' Kunio - kun series released for the console , preceded by Renegade and Super Dodge Ball .
It was one of the first console games published by North American subsidiary American Technos .
Jason E. Chaffetz (; born March 26 , 1967 ) is an American commentator and politician who served as the U.S. Representative for , from 2009 until 2017 .
He was the chairman of the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform from 2015 until 2017 .
During his tenure as a US Representative , his political positions included opposition to the Affordable Care Act , same - sex marriage , and the scientific consensus on climate change .
He has also been critical of Planned Parenthood .
He opposes net neutrality and has held hearings to investigate the FCC 's decision to adopt net neutrality rules in 2015 .
Chaffetz came to prominence in 2015 for his extensive investigations into Hillary Clinton .
Barbarian : The Ultimate Warrior is a video game first released for Commodore 64 personal computers in 1987 ; the title was developed and published by Palace Software , and ported to other computers in the following months .
The developers licensed the game to Epyx , who published it as Death Sword in the United States .
The game was Palace Software 's critical hit ; boosted by Barbarians success , Palace Software expanded its operations and started publishing other developers ' work .
Deshamanya Edward Lionel Senanayake ( known commonly as E.L Senanayake ) ( 8 August 1920 - 29 January 2000 ) was a Sri Lankan Politician belonging to the United National Party .
He was the Speaker of the Sri Lankan Parliament .
Senanayake was the Governor of North Central Province and Central Province of Sri Lanka .
He was elected to the Sri Lankan Parliament from Mahanuwara in Kandy .
He was the son of Gate Mudaliyar James Senanayake and was educated at Trinity College , Kandy and at the University College , Colombo graduating with an honours degree in Economics .
Having entered politics at the age of 23 after being elected to the Kandy Municipal Council , he went on to serve as Mayor before being elected to Parliament .
Öakse ( alternately : Öakse laid , or Pärglaid ) is an island in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia .
Öakse comprises 7.6 hectares in area and is located in the Soonlepa Gulf , approximately one km from the Salinõmme Peninsula on the larger island of Hiiumaa to the west and approximately 300   km from the smaller islet of Auklaiust which lies to the west and is administered by Hiiu County .
Remuera is an affluent inner city residential suburban area within Auckland , in the North Island of New Zealand .
Remuera is one of Auckland 's older suburbs characterised by many large houses , often Edwardian or mid 20th century .
The suburb has numerous green spaces , most obvious of which is Ōhinerau / Mount Hobson – a volcanic cone with views from the top overlooking Waitematā Harbour and Rangitoto .
The suburb extends from Hobson Bay and the Orakei Basin on the Waitematā Harbour to the north and east , to the main thoroughfare of State Highway 1 in the southwest .
It is surrounded by the suburbs of Orākei , Meadowbank , Saint Johns , Mount Wellington , Ellerslie , Greenlane , Epsom , Newmarket and Parnell .
Mesonauta , the flag cichlids , is a small genus of cichlids native to the Amazon , Orinoco , Essequibo , Paraná and Paraguay basins in South America .
Jeddah ( sometimes spelled Jiddah or Jedda ; ; , ) is a city in the Tihamah region of the Hejaz on the coast of the Red Sea and is the major urban center of western Saudi Arabia .
It is the largest city in Makkah Province , the largest seaport on the Red Sea , and with a population of about four million people ( ) , the second - largest city in Saudi Arabia after the capital city , Riyadh .
Jeddah is Saudi Arabia 's commercial capital .
Economically , Jeddah is focusing on further developing capital investment in scientific and engineering leadership within Saudi Arabia , and the Middle East .
Jeddah was independently ranked fourth in the Africa – Mid - East region in terms of innovation in 2009 in the Innovation Cities Index .
Jeddah is one of Saudi Arabia 's primary resort cities and was named a Beta world city by the Globalization and World Cities Study Group and Network ( GaWC ) .
Given the city 's close proximity to the Red Sea , fishing and seafood dominates the food culture unlike other parts of the country .
The city had been previously perceived as the " most open " city in Saudi Arabia .
The Waggoner Ranch is a historic north Texas ranch located 13 miles south of Vernon , Texas .
It was notable for being the largest ranch under one fence in the United States .
It was originally established in 1852 near Vernon , Texas , by Daniel Waggoner under the name of Dan Waggoner & Son ; his son being William Thomas Waggoner .
It was acquired by Stan Kroenke , who is married to Ann Walton ( niece of Sam Walton ) , in February 2016 .
Summit is an unincorporated community in Boyd County , Kentucky , United States on US 60 just west of Ashland .
Now a populated suburban area , Summit 's development was slow until the Federal Correctional Institution was located at the heart of Summit on Kentucky Route 716 .
The Latins were originally an Italic tribe in ancient central Italy from Latium .
The original Latins were an Italic tribe inhabiting central Italy , in present - day Lazio .
Through the conquests of their most populous city - state , Rome , the Latins united all Italic tribes in to one group and then with " Romanization " or " Latinization " spread their influence across their empire .
As the Roman Empire spread to include areas that are now Spain , Portugal , France , and Romania , these joined Italy in becoming " Latin " , as the languages spoken in these countries derive primarily from the Latin Language .
In consequence , by the mid-19th century , the former American colonies of these nations became known as Latin America and this region 's inhabitants as Latin Americans .
There were widespread reports of systematic and escalating violations of human rights in Zimbabwe under the regime of Robert Mugabe and his party , ZANU - PF between 1980 and 2017 .
According to human rights organisations such as Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch the government of Zimbabwe violates the rights to shelter , food , freedom of movement and residence , freedom of assembly and the protection of the law .
There are assaults on the media , the political opposition , civil society activists , and human rights defenders .
Opposition gatherings are frequently the subject of brutal attacks by the police force , such as the crackdown on an 11 March 2007 Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) rally .
Christiaan " Chris " Mostert is a Dutch saxophonist who has played with the Eagles during their " Farewell 1 Tour " in 2005 .
He also performed on three solo albums by Glenn Frey , Soul Searchin ' ( including the saxophone solo in the hit single True Love ) , Strange Weather and After Hours .
He also worked on the last studio album by the Eagles " Long Road Out of Eden " .
Luke Skywalker is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the original film trilogy of the Star Wars franchise created by George Lucas .
He is the twin brother of Rebellion leader Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan , a friend and brother - in - law of smuggler Han Solo , an apprentice to Jedi Masters Obi - Wan " Ben " Kenobi and Yoda , the son of fallen Jedi Anakin Skywalker ( Darth Vader ) and Queen of Naboo / Republic Senator Padmé Amidala and maternal uncle of Ben Solo / Kylo Ren .
The now non - canon Star Wars Legends depicts him as a powerful Jedi Master , husband of Mara Jade , the father of Ben Skywalker and maternal uncle of Jaina , Jacen and Anakin Solo .
Bayview Village is a neighbourhood in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
It is part of the federal Don Valley North riding and the provincial Willowdale electoral district , and Toronto electoral Wards 24 : Willowdale ( East ) and 33 : Don Valley North ( East ) .
The area is bordered on the north by Finch Avenue East , on the west by Bayview Avenue , on the east by Leslie Street , and on the south by Highway 401 , and also including the grounds of North York General Hospital , east of Leslie in the neighbourhood 's southeast corner , according to the City of Toronto 's definition .
The Bayview Village Association regards the east boundary as the Don River ( east branch ) and the south boundary as Sheppard Avenue East , thereby excluding land between the Don River and Leslie , Sheppard and Highway 401 .
The Kyle Hills ( ) are a prominent group of volcanic cones , hills , ridges , and peaks that occupy the eastern part of Ross Island , Antarctica , between Mount Terror and Cape Crozier .
The hills extend east – west for , rising from sea level at Cape Crozier to about in Mount McIntosh at the western end of the group .
The hills were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( 2000 ) after Philip R. Kyle , Professor of Geochemistry at the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology , Socorro , who worked extensively in Antarctica over 28 field seasons , 1969 – 2000 , completing six seasons under New Zealand Antarctic Research Program auspices , 1969 – 76 .
He was principal investigator on numerous National Science Foundation research projects in 23 seasons of field work under United States Antarctic Program auspices , 1977 – 2000 , with focus on long - term research of the volcano Mount Erebus , and was in charge of the Mount Erebus Volcano Observatory , 2000 .
The Santiago South Super Cup ( Portuguese : Super Taça de Santiago Sul ) is a regional super cup competition played during the season in the south of Santiago , Cape Verde consisting the municipalities of Praia , Ribeira Grande de Santiago and São Domingos .
The ships participated in the Russo - Japanese War of 1904 – 1905 , including the Battle of Port Arthur on the second day of the war .
Hatsuse sank after striking two mines off Port Arthur in May 1904 .
Shikishima fought in the Battles of the Yellow Sea and Tsushima and was lightly damaged in the latter action , although shells prematurely exploded in the barrels of her main guns in each battle .
Envigado ( ) is a town southeast of Medellin , Colombia which belongs to the department of Antioquia .
It is located in the southern region of the Aburrá Valley and is a part of The Metropolitan Area of the Aburrá Valley .
Itborders north with El Poblado , Medellín , south with Sabaneta , east with El Retiro and Caldas , and west with Itagüí .
Even though today the Aburrá Valley has one of the lowest homicide rates in Colombia , 6 for every 100,000 people , it is still widely recognized for being the hometown of the notorious Pablo Escobar and his Medellin cartel .
Envigado is also the hometown of the Colombian philosopher Fernando González .
His house , Otraparte , today is a cultural center and museum dedicated to his memory and works .
Envigado is also famous for keeping the paisa traditions and architecture , one of the best standards of living in Colombia and for its promising football team : Envigado Futbol Club .
Envigado is considered as the richest municipality in all of Colombia .
Ayeta Anne Wangusa , born in Kampala , Uganda , on 9 September 1971 , is a writer and activist .
A founding member ( 1995 ) of FEMRITE , the Uganda Women Writers Association , Wangusa first achieved broader recognition in literary circles for her novel Memoirs of a Mother ( 1998 ) .
The Toronto Coach Terminal is the central bus station for inter - city services in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
It is located at 610 Bay Street , in the city 's Downtown .
The terminal is owned by Toronto Coach Terminal Inc. , a wholly owned subsidiary of the Toronto Transit Commission ( TTC ) .
The TTC managed the station directly until July 8 , 2012 , when it was leased out in its entirety to bus lines Coach Canada and Greyhound Canada for $ 1.2 million annually .
K. Appukuttan Nair ( 1925 – 2007 ) , better known as Kozhikodan , was a film critic and writer from Kerala , India .
One of the first critics to take a closer look at the mainstream Malayalam cinema , he reviewed about 2,000 Malayalam films over four decades .
He started writing in Mathrubhumi and Chandrika , and later became a regular columnist of Mathrubhumi Illustrated Weekly along with Cynic and Nadirsha ( TMP Nedungadi ) .
The trio is said to have elevated film criticism into a serious genre of writing in Malayalam .
Kozhikodan received the Kerala State Film Award for Best Book on Cinema in 1988 for Chalathitraswadanam Engane ?
' Kozhikodan Smaraka Samiti ' has instituted Kozhikodan Puraskaram , an award given annually to the best book on cinema in Malayalam .
It later moved to the Outdoor Life Network ( now known as ' NBCSN ' in the U.S. ) .
Algarrobo is a town and municipality in the province of Málaga , part of the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain .
The municipality is situated in the coastal area of La Axarquía , 32 kilometers from the city of Málaga .
It is bordered on the north by the municipality of Arenas and Sayalonga , to the east and west by Vélez - Málaga and to the south by the Mediterranean Sea .
The main center for the population is Algarrobo , a town of Arab architecture situated 3.5 kilometers from the coast .
Other towns in the municipality are Algarrobo Costa , Mezquitilla and Trayamar .
Natives of the town are called Algarrobeños .
Lin was born on August 11 , 1938 in Shanghai , China , but was brought up in nearby Nanjing .
Petroleum production in Canada is a major industry which is important to the economy of North America .
In 2005 , almost 25,000 new oil wells were spudded ( drilled ) in Canada .
Daily , over 100 new wells are spudded in the province of Alberta alone .
Heatherly was also known for his time as CEO of Disney 's most popular children 's game , Club Penguin .
The Royal Victorian Order is an order of knighthood awarded by the sovereign of the United Kingdom and several Commonwealth realms .
It was instituted with five grades , Knight Grand Cross ( GCVO ) , Knight Commander ( KCVO ) , Commander ( CVO ) , Member ( fourth class ) and Member ( fifth class ) , the last two of which were abbreviated to MVO .
At the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic , Monteiro finished 4th in the 4×100-metre medley , and 5th in the 100-metre butterfly .
She ended her career in late 2013 , at the Open tournament , held in Porto Alegre , Brazil .
During presidential elections in the United States , it has become customary for the main candidates ( almost always the candidates of the two largest parties , currently the Democratic Party and the Republican Party ) to engage in a debate .
Between 1988 and 2000 , the formats have been governed in detail by secret memoranda of understanding ( MOU ) between the two major candidates ; an MOU for 2004 was also negotiated , but unlike the earlier agreements it was jointly released by the two candidates .
Black River is a river in the southwest part of the U.S. state of Michigan that empties into Lake Michigan in South Haven at , where it discharges past the South Pier Lighthouse .
The main course of the river is formed by the confluence of the North Branch Black River and Middle Branch Black River at , northwest of South Haven .
The South Branch Black River joins the main course at .
The North Branch Black River is formed out of the Black River Drain , which rises out of a complex of drains including the Leverich Drain and North State Road Drain in Clyde Township and Ganges Township in Allegan County .
The Middle Branch Black River is formed by the junction of the Little Bear Lake Drain and Melvin Creek at in southern Lee Township , near the boundary with Van Buren County .
The South Branch Black River is formed by the junction of the Lower Jeptha Lake Drain and the Black River Extension Drain at in Columbia Township near Breedsville .
About three miles above its mouth on Lake Michigan , the river forks , with the South Branch draining Van Buren County .
The Middle branch drains areas of both Van Buren and Allegan counties , and the North Branch watershed is entirely in Allegan County .
The Neihsial is an ethnic group found in northeastern India .
Members of this group are largely concentrated in the Churachandpur , Senapati , Chandel District and Tamenglong district of the Indian state of Manipur .
There is also a sizable population in the neighboring Chin State of Myanmar .
Some of the Neihsial are scattered among the Vaiphei , Gangte , Paite and Thadou tribes in India , where as a large number of significant proportion speak the Neihsial dialect and followed its traditions .
Catacol ( ) is a small village on the Isle of Arran , Scotland .
It is located on the north west side of the island , just a few miles along the coastal road from Lochranza at the foot of Glen Catacol , a steep - sided valley .
Yorkdale Bus Terminal is located at 1 Yorkdale Road , Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
It occupies the lowest level of an office building adjacent to Yorkdale Shopping Centre and is connected directly to Yorkdale subway station by a pedestrian bridge .
The bus terminal is strategically located , in the middle of what was formerly the City of North York , at Allen Road on the south side of Highway 401 , the main transportation artery across the Greater Toronto Area .
This is ideal for providing GO Transit commuter bus services to points east and west of the city and long - distance intercity coach connections by Ontario Northland and Greyhound .
A bad quarto , in Shakespearean scholarship , is a quarto - sized publication of one of Shakespeare 's plays that is considered spurious , pirated from a theatre without permission by someone in the audience writing it down as it was spoken or written down later by an actor or group of actors , which , according to a theory , has been termed " memorial reconstruction " .
" Bad quartos " are considered to include the first quartos of Romeo and Juliet , Henry V , The Merry Wives of Windsor , and Hamlet .
The concept has expanded to include quartos of plays by other Elizabethan authors , including Peele 's The Battle of Alcazar , Greene 's Orlando Furioso , and the collaborative script , Sir Thomas More .
His parents were of old Philadelphia stock , and he was raised in Schuylkill County , Pennsylvania .
Peace Sells ... but Who 's Buying ?
is the second studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth , released on September 19 , 1986 by Capitol Records .
L'Escala ( Spanish : La Escala ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Alt Empordà in Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
It is situated on the Costa Brava , located between the southern end of the Gulf of Roses and Cala ( bay ) Montgó .
The ruins of Empúries are located on the territory of the municipality , with Phoenician and
This is a list of stations which were affiliated with The WB Television Network in the United States at the time of the network 's closure .
As previously mentioned , from January 1995 to September 2006 , Tribune Broadcasting was an investor in The WB Television Network , along with the Warner Bros. division of Time Warner .
Tribune held an initial 12.5 percent stake in the network at its launch , and later increased it to 22 percent ; most of Tribune 's television properties were key WB affiliates but not owned - and - operated stations of the network as Time Warner had controlling interest in it .
On January 24 , 2006 , Warner Bros. Television announced that they would merge The WB with the CBS - owned United Paramount Network to form a new programming service called the CW .
Old and New Dreams was a jazz group that was active from 1976 to 1987 .
The group was composed of tenor saxophone player Dewey Redman ( doubling on musette ) , bassist Charlie Haden , cornet player Don Cherry and drummer Ed Blackwell .
They released two records on the German jazz label ECM : a self - titled release in 1979 and Playing , recorded live , a year later .
These discs were bookended by a pair of discs on the Italian Black Saint label : a studio record from 1976 ( also self - titled ) and 1987 's A Tribute to Blackwell , capturing the quartet 's final concert at a birthday celebration for Blackwell .
Harry Gordon Lawrence ( 1901 – 1973 ) was a South African politician .
Harry Lawrence was on the liberal wing of the United Party .
He was the most senior of the MPs who broke away and founded the Progressive Party in 1959 .
Lawrence served as a minister in the government of Jan Smuts before the National Party came to power in 1948 .
Lawrence had his spleen damaged when he was attacked by Nationalists at a political meeting during the Second World War .
This injury caused Lawrence continuous pain , as he explained when he declined to be considered for the Progressive Party leadership in 1959 .
He did , however , become the first party chairman of the PP .
Lawrence , like all the Progressive MPs except Helen Suzman was not re - elected at the 1961 General Election .
He did not return to Parliament but served as temporary Party leader after Jan Steytler resigned in December 1970 , until Colin Eglin was elected leader in February 1971 .
Mit Gas is the second studio album by the musical supergroup Tomahawk .
It was released on May 6 , 2003 , through Ipecac Recordings , the record label owned by vocalist Mike Patton .
Recorded after an unreceptive tour with the band Tool , Mit Gas has been described by critics as a more focused and unified album than its predecessor , Tomahawk .
Shot on location in Kawasaki , the plot centers around Okita , a street thug troublemaker released from prison only to discover that the crime underworld in which he used to operate and the socio - political landscape of Japan has changed dramatically .
" O ' Sailor " is a song written by American singer Fiona Apple and recorded for her third album Extraordinary Machine ( 2005 ) .
On August 15 , 2005 ( see 2005 in music ) , ahead of the album 's release in early October , Epic Records made available for streaming both " Parting Gift " and " O ' Sailor " on Apple 's official website .
The Tallinn Offensive ( ) was a strategic offensive by the Red Army 's 2nd Shock and 8th Armies and the Baltic Fleet against the German Army Detachment Narwa and Estonian units in mainland Estonia on the Eastern Front of World War II on 17–26 September 1944 .
Its German counterpart was the abandonment of the Estonian territory in a retreat codenamed Operation Aster ( German : Unternehmen Aster ) .
The Soviet offensive commenced with the Soviet 2nd Shock Army breaching the defence of the II Army Corps along the Emajõgi River in the vicinity of Tartu .
The Leningrad Front seized the capital and took the rest of mainland Estonia by 26 September 1944 .
Chris Leck ( born 21 May 1986 in Manchester , England ) is a rugby union player .
KBOI is Idaho 's most powerful AM station , broadcasting at 50,000 watts around the clock .
Château d'Autet is a château located in the Luberon hills of the commune of Viens in the Vaucluse department , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France .
The château lies approximately to the northeast of the village of Gignac , and roughly north of Marseille .
Long lens photographers took topless photos of the Duchess from the D33 public road a kilometre away .
The Millburn Township Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - kindergarten through twelfth grade from Millburn , in Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
Reisa National Park ( ) is a national park in Nordreisa Municipality in Troms county , Norway that was established by royal decree on 28 November 1986 .
It is adjacent to Käsivarsi Wilderness Area in Finland .
The Sámi name for part of the gorge , Njállaávzi , means Arctic fox gorge , suggesting that the Arctic fox must have lived there a long time .
The Reisa river has cut a valley and a canyon ( north of Imo ) in the mountain plateau , producing the long fertile valley called Reisadalen .
The waterfall Mollisfossen is one of the more spectacular falls at in height .
In winter , the reindeer in this region graze in the Kautokeino district in nearby Finnmark county ; in summer , they are on the coast in the northwest .
The Oregon State Police ( OSP ) is a law enforcement agency of the U.S. state of Oregon .
The agency differs from other state police , such as the California Highway Patrol , in that their primary focus is not limited to highway and traffic enforcement .
The OSP is one of the few law enforcement agencies in the United States that monitors the security of the state lottery .
Boris Kollár ( born 14 August 1965 ) is a Slovak businessman born in Bratislava .
His party won 11 seats to the National Council during the Slovak parliamentary election , 2016 .
Kollár lived for a short period of time in Miami , United States .
Club Quarters Hotels are full service hotels designed for business travelers with locations in the U.S. and U.K. Club Quarters was founded by American business executive Ralph Bahna , who opened the first Club Quarters Hotel on West 45th Street in Midtown Manhattan in 1994 .
Faurot Field , at Memorial Stadium is a stadium in Columbia , Missouri , United States , on the campus of the University of Missouri .
It is primarily used for football and serves as the home field for the Missouri Tigers football program .
It is the second - largest sports facility by seating capacity in the state of Missouri , to Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City .
In 1972 , Memorial Stadium 's playing surface was named Faurot Field in honor of longtime coach Don Faurot .
Until 2012 it was the site of the annual " Providence Bowl " game between Hickman and Rock Bridge high schools , so named because both schools are located on Providence Road in Columbia , and Faurot is roughly equidistant between the two .
This tradition stopped when Missouri joined the Southeastern Conference and conference scheduling made hosting the game more difficult .
Faurot Field was also home to the Missouri State High School Activities Association ( MSHSAA ) football championships for many years , now held in St. Louis in the climate - controlled Dome at America 's Center .
Joos van Cleve (; also Joos van der Beke ; c. 1485 – 1540/1541 ) was a painter active in Antwerp around 1511 to 1540 .
He was the father of Cornelis van Cleve ( 1520 - 1567 ) who also became a painter .
" Add Some Music to Your Day " is a song written by Brian Wilson , Joe Knott and Mike Love for the American rock band The Beach Boys .
While making no impact overseas at all ( a rarity for the band ) , the song quickly entered the Top 30 in Los Angeles , New York , Boston , and Salt Lake City , and climbed well into the Top 20 in St Louis , Nashville , Lincoln and Orlando .
It was then released on the band 's 1970 album Sunflower .
Seppo Sanaksenaho ( May 5 , 1938 – November 1 , 2011 ) was a Finnish politician who served as the Mayor of Vaasa from 1997 to 2001 .
Sanaksenaho was born in Oulu , Finland , in 1938 .
Sanaksenaho received a master 's degree in engineering from Pennsylvania State University in the United States .
He served as the deputy mayor of Vaasa from 1979 to 1996 , before becoming the city 's Mayor in 1997 .
This article shows U.S. Census totals for Lincoln County , Maine , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2000 .
The tables in the New England Historical U.S. Census Totals series differentiate between towns and cities ; however , there have never been any cities in Lincoln County .
Most areas of New England are entirely divided into incorporated municipalities , with no unincorporated territory .
In the three northern New England states , however , some unincorporated territory does exist , generally in areas that are very sparsely populated .
Maine contains significantly more unincorporated territory than the other states , with the bulk of it in interior and northern counties .
Some southern and coastal counties , including Lincoln County , also contain smaller amounts of unincorporated territory , however .
Lincoln County currently contains one plantation ( Monhegan , which is located on offshore islands ) , as well as a small amount of territory that is entirely unorganized ( Hibberts Gore ) .
Except for Monhegan and Hibberts Gore , all of Lincoln County is incorporated ; except for Hibberts Gore , all of the county is at least organized .
Charles de la Boische , Marquis de Beauharnois ( c.12 October 1671 – 12 July 1749 ) was a French Naval officer who served as Governor of New France from 1726 to 1746 .
Charles had two brothers who also impacted the history of New France .
Claude de Beauharnois was a French Naval officer who spent time commanding ships that maintained supply lines to the colony and François de Beauharnois was intendant of New France for a time .
A United Nations Security Council resolution is a UN resolution adopted by the fifteen members of the Security Council ; the UN body charged with " primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security " .
It is native to North America , where it occurs across Canada and the northern half of the United States .
Kabala is the capital and largest town of Koinadugu District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone .
Kabala is one of the main towns in Northern Sierra Leone and is set in a rural landscape , surrounded by mountains .
Kabala lies approximately north - east of Makeni , the largest city in the north , and approximately east of the capital Freetown .
Kabala is an agricultural centre and lies on the far north of Sierra Leone , with close proximity to Kono District and the international border with Guinea .
Kabala is one of the largest towns in Sierra Leone in total land area ; but is less densely populated .
Kabala is one of the most ethnically diverse cities in Sierra Leone , with no single ethnic group forming a majority .
President Koroma held a townhall meeting at the Yogomaia Field in Kabala and attended new year church services at the Holy Martyrs Catholic Church in the town .
The Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Foundation is the successor organization of the U.S. Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission ( ALBC ) , which was created by Congress and the President of the United States to plan the commemoration of Abraham Lincoln ’s 200th birthday in 2009 .
The foundation is committed to initiating and supporting innovative and historically meaningful national , state , and local programs that commemorate the memory and sustain the ideals and historic impact of America ’s sixteenth president , particularly during the current , five - year observances of the American Civil War sesquicentennial .
Jacob Billikopf , Ph . B. , L.L.D. , ( June 1 , 1882 , Vilnius , Lithuania – December 31 , 1950 ) was a nationally known figure in social work , Jewish philanthropy and labor arbitration .
He served as superintendent of the United Jewish Charities in Milwaukee , Wisconsin and Kansas City , Missouri , before becoming the executive director of the Federation of Jewish Philanthropies in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , chairman of the National Labor Board for the Philadelphia region during the first years of the New Deal .
Jell - O salads are a common feature of US communal meals such as potlucks , most probably because they are inexpensive and easy to prepare .
The origins of Jell - O salad can be traced back to a dish called Perfection Salad , by Mrs. John E. Cook of New Castle , Pennsylvania , which won third prize in a Better Homes & Gardens recipe contest .
In Utah , where Jell - O is the official state snack , Jell - O salad is available in local restaurants such as Chuck - A - Rama .
, operating as Mori Building Company , is a Japanese property management firm .
Its headquarters are in the Roppongi Hills Mori Tower in Roppongi , Minato , Tokyo .
Its focus has been in Minato , Tokyo .
Nazriya Nazim is an Indian film actress and producer , who predominantly works in Malayalam and Tamil films .
She made her debut as a child artist with Palunku ( 2006 ) and then as a lead actress in the 2013 Malayalam film Maad Dad .
Following her marriage to actor Fahadh Faasil , she took a break from acting .
In 1995 , the organisation participated in the Euro - Islam conference in Stockholm , Sweden , organised on a directive from the Swedish Ministry for Foreign Affairs .
Pictures is the eighth studio album by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery .
It was also his first full - length album for Warner Bros. Records , following the closure of Atlantic Records ' country division in 2001 .
The track " ' Til Nothing Comes Between Us " , the first single , was a Top 20 hit on the Hot Country Songs charts in 2002 .
" Four Wheel Drive " and " Country Thang " were also released as singles , although neither reached Top 40 .
" It Goes Like This " is a collaboration with the band Sixwire , who at the time were also on Warner Bros. Records .
Their lead singer , Steve Mandile , co - wrote the track .
The lake chubsucker ( Erimyzon sucetta ) is a freshwater fish endemic to North America , being found in the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River basin , as far north as Ontario , Canada , extending south to the Gulf of Mexico .
This being said , its range has declined in many states like Missouri , Arkansas , Ohio , and possibly even Tennessee .
Di Fate was born in Yonkers , New York .
Di Fate calls his 1997 book Infinite Worlds " the first comprehensive history of science fiction art in America " .
Konstantin Belikov (; 1909 – 3 July 1987 ) was a Soviet football defender and referee .
Master of Sports of the USSR .
Belikov was born in Zuyevo .
In the early 1930s he served in the army , then moved to Stalingrad , where until 1938 played for the team Dynamo Stalingrad .
In 1939 he moved to the main team city – Traktor Stalingrad , which played in Soviet Top League .
In the same year helped the team to take the highest place in the history of the team 's performance in Soviet Top League – 4th place .
During the Great Patriotic War Konstantin Belikov went to the front , took part in the Battle of Stalingrad , and in May 1943 , after the battle , was one of the participants of the famous .
It was described by Frank X. Tolbert , a Texas journalist , historian , and chili enthusiast in one of his columns called " Tolbert 's Texas " he wrote for the Dallas Morning News .
Jean Andrews , in her book Peppers : the domesticated Capsicums , states the peter pepper did have all the qualifications " to be honored by the pen " of Mr. Tolbert , who wrote about " little - known facts about little - known things that occur in little - known places in Texas " .
The pepper is most commonly grown in East Texas and Louisiana , although it is grown in Mexico , as well .
It was first popularized in the United States by Frank X. Tolbert in his Dallas Morning News column about obscure local history , although he saw the pepper only once in his life .
It has since been studied by horticulture experts at the University of Texas at Austin and Louisiana State University .
Among the early artists that shaped the pop art movement were Eduardo Paolozzi and Richard Hamilton in Britain , and Larry Rivers , Robert Rauschenberg and Jasper Johns among others in the United States .
The inspiration for the film appears to be the master - slave relationship between Pozzo and Lucky in Samuel Beckett 's Waiting for Godot .
Indeed , as with many of Polanski 's early short films , the influence of Beckett and the Theater of the Absurd is very strong .
Pramoedya Ananta Toer ( EYD : Pramudya Ananta Tur ) ( 6 February 1925 – 30 April 2006 ) was an Indonesian author of novels , short stories , essays , polemics and histories of his homeland and its people .
The Dutch Government imprisoned him from 1947 to 1949 , the Suharto regime from 1965 to 1979 .
The Dutch imprisoned him from 1947 to 1949 during the War of Independence ( 1945 - 1949 ) .
During the changeover ( coup ) to the Suharto regime Pramoedya was caught up in the shifting tides of political change and power struggles in Indonesia .
Suharto had him imprisoned from 1969 to 1979 on the Maluku island of Buru and branded him a Communist .
It was on the Island of Buru that he composed his most famous work , the Buru Quartet .
Political criticisms were often subtle in his writing , although he was outspoken against colonialism , racism and corruption of the Indonesian new Government .
During the many years in which he suffered imprisonment and house arrest ( in Jakarta after his imprisonment on Buru ) , he became a cause célèbre for advocates of human rights and freedom of expression .
The Shire of Livingstone is a local government area located in the Capricornia region of Central Queensland , Queensland , Australia , to the immediate north and east of the regional city of Rockhampton .
The shire , administered from the coastal town of Yeppoon , covers an area of , and existed as a local government entity from 1879 until 2008 , when it amalgamated with several other councils to become the Rockhampton Region .
Timber is harvested from extensive pine plantations near Byfield in the north .
Tourism is increasingly becoming a mainstay of the area , with Keppel Bay and the nearby islands a major drawcard , and more than half of the Shire 's population lives in the coastal area centred on Yeppoon and Emu Park .
The coastal strip within the shire is known as the Capricorn Coast .
The Shoalwater Bay Military Training Area is also located within the shire .
Howrah is a suburb of the City of Clarence , part of the greater Hobart area , Tasmania , Australia .
Howrah is a beachside suburb , with views across the Derwent River to Hobart City .
Clarence Street runs through the centre of the suburb separating the hillside section from the beachside .
Howrah has a number of parks including Wentworth Park , which is one of the key sport ( such as soccer , field hockey and touch football ) and recreation areas on the Eastern Shore .
Clarence High School is generally thought to be in Howrah , due to it being located west of Wentworth Street , however it is in Bellerive .
Shoreline Shopping Centre , is the largest shopping centre in Howrah .
Howrah was named after Howrah House , a property established in the 1830s on Clarence Plains by a retired Indian Army officer who took the name from a place of the same name near Calcutta .
Movladi Saidarbievich Udugov (; born February 9 , 1962 in Germenchuk , Shalinsky District , Chechnya into the Shirdi teip ) is an activist and the former First Deputy Prime Minister of the separatist Chechen Republic of Ichkeria ( ChRI ) .
Men at Arms is a fantasy novel by British writer Terry Pratchett , the 15th book in the Discworld series , first published in 1993 .
It is the second novel about the Ankh - Morpork City Watch on the Discworld .
Lance - constable Angua von Überwald , later in the series promoted to the rank of Sergeant , is introduced in this book .
Lance - constable ( in the course of the novel promoted to Acting - constable ) Detritus is introduced as a new member of the watch as well , though he had already appeared in other Discworld novels , most notably in Moving Pictures .
Cossiau worked for Lothar Franz von Schönborn at his electoral court , as well as at his Schloss Weißenstein ( castle ) .
They take place in northern and central cities of the former Las Villas province ( now divided into Villa Clara , Sancti Spíritus and Ciego de Ávila provinces ) in Cuba , they also form part of Puerto Rican culture .
Most famous parrandas are celebrated in Remedios colonial city where these festivities were originated .
Second most popular are celebrated in Camajuaní , followed in popularity by Vueltas , Zulueta , Chambas , Guayos , El Santo , Taguayabón , Buenavista , Calabazar de Sagua , Zaza del Medio , Falcón and many more small town of this central region of Cuba .
Isaac Charles Parker ( October 15 , 1838   – November 17 , 1896 ) was an American politician and jurist .
He served as the United States Congressman for Missouri 's 7th congressional district for two terms and presided over the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas for 21 years .
Parker 's health deteriorated in the 1890s and the jurisdiction and power of his court were reduced by Congress .
In September 1896 , Congress effectively closed the District Court for the Western District of Arkansas by removing its jurisdiction .
Melitta Breznik ( born Kapfenberg 1961 ) is a senior doctor , specializing in psychiatry and a writer of novels and short stories .
She was born in southern Austria , though most of her professional life has been spent in Switzerland .
Most recently she headed up the Anthroposophic Psychosomatic Rehabilitation Clinic at Badenweiler on the south - western tip of Germany .
The facts of the case dealt with a racially restrictive covenant that barred African Americans from purchasing or leasing land in the Washington Park Subdivision of Chicago 's Woodlawn neighborhood .
The defense in the present case argued that Carl Augustus Hansberry ( father of Lorraine Hansberry ) could not contest the covenant because it had already been deemed valid by the courts in the prior lawsuit .
Ataxia was a short - lived American experimental rock band formed in 2004 by guitarist John Frusciante ( Red Hot Chili Peppers ) , bassist Joe Lally ( Fugazi ) and drummer Josh Klinghoffer ( Red Hot Chili Peppers , Dot Hacker , The Bicycle Thief ) , who later succeeded Frusciante as the lead guitarist of the Red Hot Chili Peppers .
Ataxia wrote and recorded songs for two weeks , and the material was separated into two albums : Automatic Writing ( 2004 ) and AW II ( 2007 ) .
The Slav Epic ( ) is a cycle of 20 large canvases painted by Czech Art Nouveau painter Alfons Mucha between 1910 and 1928 .
In 1928 , after finishing his monumental work , Mucha bestowed the cycle upon the city of Prague on condition that the city build a special pavilion for it .
Prior to 2012 , the work was a part of the permanent exhibition at the chateau in the town of Moravský Krumlov in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
In 2012 , all 20 works were moved and displayed together on the ground floor of the Veletržní Palace till 2016 , in an exhibition organized by the National Gallery in Prague ( exhibition catalogue : Alfons Mucha – Slovanská epopej ) .
Antara Gange ( also known as Anthargange ) is a mountain situated in the Shathashrunga mountain range in the southeastern portion of the Indian state of Karnataka , Kolar district .
It is about two miles from the town of Kolar and seventy kilometers from Bangalore .
Antara Gange is famous for Sri Kashi Vishweshwara temple , also known as Kashi of South .
There are seven villages on this mountain , including Therhalli .
Auburn was an unincorporated community in rural Baker County , Oregon , United States , now considered a ghost town .
Auburn lies off Oregon Route 7 southwest of Baker City and east of McEwen on the edge of the Blue Mountains .
Auburn is deserted today , but the former gold mining boomtown was once the largest community in Eastern Oregon .
In that month the Oregon Legislative Assembly made Auburn the first county seat of Baker County , but by the 1870s Auburn was largely deserted , with a population of 200 people in 1873 .
Edward Tangye Lean ( 23 February 1911 – 28 October 1974 ) was a British author and original founder of the Inklings literary club in Oxford .
Lean 's father was Francis William le Blount Lean and his mother was Helena Annie ( née Tangye ) Lean , who were married in 1904 , separated by 1927 , and were both Quakers .
He was the younger brother of David Lean , the film director .
While at Oxford , he founded the original Inklings club around 1931 , for the reading of unfinished compositions .
However , its name was transferred by Tolkien and Lewis to their literary group at Magdalen College .
Doug is an American animated television series created by Jim Jinkins .
The show focuses on the early adolescent life of its title character , Douglas " Doug " Funnie , who experiences common predicaments while attending school in his new hometown of Bluffington .
Many episodes center on Doug 's attempts to impress his classmate and crush , Patti Mayonnaise .
Jinkins developed Doug from drawings in his sketchbook that he created over the course of the 1980s .
Doug , a mostly autobiographical creation , was largely inspired by Jinkins 's childhood growing up in Virginia , with most characters in the series being based on real individuals .
Rothe House is a late 16th - century merchant 's townhouse complex located in the city of Kilkenny .
Rothe House is the only remaining example of its type in Ireland , and considered to be nationally significant because of the range of original post - medieval features that survive .
The property , an important element of Kilkenny 's heritage , is owned by the Kilkenny Archaeological Society and houses some of the society 's collection of artefacts relating to Kilkenny City , County and Ireland .
Amalie Raiffeisen ( 2 August 1846 - 11 January 1897 ) was a German social reformer .
By the 1860s her father , Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen , was almost blind .
Oakdale is a city in Washington County , Minnesota , United States , is a suburb of Saint Paul and is on the eastern side of the Twin Cities Metropolitan area .
Oakdale is the 32nd largest city in Minnesota , in terms of population .
Oakdale lies entirely within the North St. Paul – Maplewood – Oakdale school district , and the city 's students are split into two high schools within the district .
Tartan High School is located within the city 's boundaries , and serves the southern half of Oakdale .
The city 's northern residents are served by North High School in North St. Paul .
Oakdale , Minnesota is currently the most populous of all municipalities that share the name Oakdale in the United States .
Grand Bank , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada or ' Grand Banc ' as the first French settlers pronounced it , is a small rural town with a population of 2,580 .
It is located on the southern tip or " toe " of the Burin Peninsula ( also known as " the boot " ) , 360   km from the province 's capital of St. John 's .
It was given the name " Grand Banc " because of the high bank that extends from Admiral 's Cove to the water 's edge on the west side of the harbour .
Grand Bank became the nucleus of the bank fishing industry for Newfoundland and a service centre for Fortune Bay .
Régine Hantelle better known by her stage name Anaïs ( born 1 March 1965 in Paris , France ) is a French singer .
In 1988 , she formed a duo with her twin sister Alice as Alice et Anaïs had a successful single " A deux " .
In 1991 , she released her first solo album " L'étudiante " that included the track " Le temps est long " ( a duet with Alice ) , as well as " L'amour avec toi " , " J't'en veux " and " Rêves des lunes " as singles .
Their album " Vendée ' 93 " sold 2 million copies and saw release of singles " Les mariés de Vendée " in 1992 and " Quitter l'autoroute " in 1993 ) .
ServusTV is a TV station based in Wals - Siezenheim in the Austrian state of Salzburg .
The station started as Salzburg TV in 1995 and was initially available only by cable in Salzburg .
The TV station got media attention as it started terrestrial transmission on 25 October 2000 , which was illegal at that time in Austria .
The transmission facility , located at Untersberg transmitter ( owned by Germany , but physically located in Austria ) , was confiscated by Austrian authorities after five days .
As a response , terrestrial transmission of private TV stations was legalized in Austria , and transmission restarted in 2002 from the old transmission site on UHF channel 36 .
IN - Q or IN - Question , is the stage name of Adam Schmalholz , an American songwriter and National Poetry Slam champion from Los Angeles , California .
Recognized for his ability to bring poetry to pop culture , IN - Q helped establish one of the largest open mic poetry venues in the United States called " Da Poetry Lounge , " held at the Greenway Court Theatre in Los Angeles .
The Caniapiscau River ( ) is a tributary of the Koksoak River in Nunavik , Quebec , Canada .
Starting from Lac Sevestre ( south - west from Fermont ) on the Canadian Shield , the Caniapiscau River flows northward through a wide , timbered glacial valley until it makes a sharp turn at its confluence with the Rivière aux Mélèzes ( Larch River ) .
Shaoxing (; ) is a prefecture - level city on the southern shore of Hangzhou Bay in eastern Zhejiang province , China .
Located on the south bank of the Qiantang River estuary , it borders Ningbo to the east , Taizhou to the southeast , Jinhua to the southwest , and Hangzhou to the west .
Among which , 1,914,683 ( Keqiao and Yuecheng districts ) lived in the built - up metropolitan area of Hangzhou - Shaoxing , with a total of 8,156,154 inhabitants .
It is also noted for Shaoxing wine , meigan cai , and stinky tofu , and was recently featured on A Bite of China .
His sister , Helena Westermarck , was a writer and artist .
Edvard Alexander Westermarck ( 20 November 1862 – 3 September 1939 ) was a Finnish philosopher and sociologist .
The phenomenon of reverse sexual imprinting is when two people live in close domestic proximity during the first few years in the life of either one , and both become desensitised to sexual attraction , now known as the Westermarck effect , was first formally described by him in his book The History of Human Marriage ( 1891 ) .
In the UK , his name is often spelled Edward .
Peeter Kreitzberg ( December 14 , 1948 – November 3 , 2011 ) was an Estonian politician , member of parliament and a member of the Social Democratic Party .
Kreitzberg served as the Estonian Minister of Culture and Education from April to November 1995 .
He also taught at Tallinn University from 1997 to 2011 .
Kreitzberg next served as the deputy mayor of Tallinn , the Estonian capital , from 1996 to 1999 .
He was elected to the Riigikogu , the nation 's unicameral parliament , in 1999 .
He was also a candidate for President of Estonia in 2001 .
Historically , the law of marriage has developed differently in Scotland to other jurisdictions in the United Kingdom as a consequence of the differences in Scots law and role of the separate established Church of Scotland .
These differences led to a tradition of couples from England and Wales eloping to Scotland , most famously to marry at border towns such as Gretna Green .
As of 2017 , the Humanist Society Scotland conducted more marriages each year than the largest religious body , the Church of Scotland .
In September 2011 , the Scottish Government launched a public consultation on the introduction of same - sex marriage , with the Scottish Government indicating it " tend[ed ] towards the view that same - sex marriage should be introduced " .
Prosserman was born in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
This shark is endemic to a small area off South Africa from the Western Cape to KwaZulu - Natal .
Sergio Claudio Cirigliano is an Argentinian businessman who , with his brother Mario , operates major rail and bus concessions in Buenos Aires and elsewhere in Argentina through the Grupo Plaza conglomerate .
Later in 2012 , both Cirigliano and his brother Mario went on trial on charges of corruption and fraudulent administration in connection with the Once crash .
Robert Tait Ervin ( May 27 , 1863 – October 24 , 1949 ) was a United States federal judge .
Born in Wilcox County , Alabama , Ervin received a B.L.
He was in private practice in Mobile , Alabama from 1887 to 1917 .
During that time , he served as a Referee in Bankruptcy for the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Alabama .
On January 16 , 1917 , Ervin was nominated by President Woodrow Wilson to a seat on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Alabama vacated by Harry T. Toulmin .
" Consideration " is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her eighth studio album Anti ( 2016 ) .
" Consideration " is a dub - inspired hip hop and R&B ; song , with " stuttering , distorted beat , " " pounding percussion " , " a crunchy groove , " and a " throbbing bass line " in its instrumentation .
Rihanna performed " Consideration " with SZA on a medley with " Work " on the 2016 Brit Awards , and also included it on her Anti World Tour .
Upon the release of the album , " Consideration " charted in a few European countries , such as France and Sweden , and following the Brit Awards performance , the song managed to debut on the UK Singles Chart and the UK R&B ; Chart .
The film chronicles Trump 's life , including his career and his marriages to Ivana Trump and Marla Maples .
Trump Unauthorized is based on multiple sources , including two biographies by Gwenda Blair titled The Trumps : Three Generations That Built an Empire and Donald Trump : Master Apprentice .
St Marys is a town in southwestern Ontario , Canada .
It is located at the junction of Thames River and Trout Creek southwest of Stratford , and is surrounded by the Township of Perth South in Perth County , Ontario .
St Marys Cement , a large cement producer founded in the town , capitalized on this close feed stock , and grew to be a major producer of cement in the province of Ontario .
Timothy Eaton , who went on to become one of Canada 's most famous retailers , opened his first businesses in Canada in nearby Kirkton , Ontario and later St Marys .
Wade High School is a high school in Griffith , New South Wales , Australia .
Height of Fashion proved to be an exceptional broodmare , producing the major stakes winners Unfuwain , Nashwan and Nayef .
Carole Emily Barrowman ( born 20 April 1959 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a Scottish - American Professor of English and Director of Creative Studies in Writing at Alverno College , Milwaukee , Wisconsin , and a reviewer and crime fiction columnist for the Milwaukee Sentinel , also known for her writing contributions with younger brother John Barrowman , an actor , singer , dancer and writer .
Carole was credited as co - author on her brother John 's memoir and autobiography , Anything Goes , which was published in 2008 by Michael O'Mara Books .
In addition to John 's memoirs , John and Carole also co - wrote a Torchwood comic strip , featuring Jack Harkness , entitled Captain Jack and the Selkie .
Carole and John 's debut novel , titled Hollow Earth , was published in February 2012 .
In addition to her published collaborations , Carole Barrowman also contributed an essay about her brother John to the Hugo award winning non - fiction anthology Chicks Dig Time Lords .
The University of Illinois Springfield ( UIS ) is a public university in Springfield , Illinois , United States .
The university was established in 1969 as Sangamon State University by the Illinois General Assembly and became a part of the University of Illinois system on July 1 , 1995 .
As a public liberal arts college , and the newest campus in the University of Illinois system , UIS is a member of the Council of Public Liberal Arts Colleges .
The campus ' main repository , Brookens Library , holds a collection of nearly 800,000 books and serials- in addition to accessible resources at the University of Illinois Chicago and University of Illinois Urbana - Champaign campuses .
The university was once one of the two upper - division and graduate universities in Illinois , but now accepts freshmen , transfer and graduate students .
Matt Birkbeck is an American author and investigative journalist , whose articles have appeared in The New York Times , Playboy , The Philadelphia Inquirer , Reader 's Digest , Boston Magazine and " People . "
A former newspaper reporter , Birkbeck worked at The Morning Call . , where he was cited for his lengthy investigative pieces on Pennsylvania 's flawed gaming initiative .
Shepard J. Crumpacker Jr. ( February 13 , 1917 – October 14 , 1986 ) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana , cousin of Edgar Dean Crumpacker and Maurice Edgar Crumpacker .
Crumpacker was born in South Bend , Indiana , where he attended the public schools .
Crumpacker entered the United States Army Air Corps as a private on September 26 , 1941 , during World War II , and advanced through the ranks to flight chief in a fighter squadron .
Crumpacker was Relieved from active duty as a first lieutenant on March 1 , 1946 and thereafter was a major in the United States Air Force Reserve .
Crumpacker owned and operated a farm and served as delegate to Indiana State Republican conventions from 1958 through 1970 .
Crumpacker was elected as a Republican to the Eighty - second , Eighty - third , and Eighty - fourth Congresses ( January 3 , 1951 – January 3 , 1957 ) .
Crumpacker practiced law until 1977 , when he was appointed judge of the St. Joseph Superior Court and served until 1985 .
He was a resident of South Bend , Indiana , until his death there on October 14 , 1986 .
" Unrequited " is the sixteenth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series The X - Files .
It was written by Howard Gordon and series creator Chris Carter , and directed by Michael Lange .
It originally aired in the United States on February 23 , 1997 on the Fox network .
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X - Files .
In this episode , the murder of a U.S. Army Lieutenant General has Mulder and Scully struggling to stop a seemingly invisible assassin .
Gordon was inspired to write the episode after viewing an installment of the news series 60 Minutes that dealt with American secret agents the CIA left behind during the Vietnam War .
Tamás László ( born October 29 , 1950 ) is a Hungarian architect and politician , who served as Mayor of the 15th district of Budapest between 2010 and 2014 .
László was a member of the National Assembly of Hungary for the 15th district since 2010 .
He was also a Member of Parliament from Fidesz National List from 2006 to 2010 .
Cryptic crosswords are particularly popular in the United Kingdom , where they originated , Ireland , Israel , the Netherlands , and in several Commonwealth nations , including Australia , Canada , India , Kenya , Malta , New Zealand , and South Africa .
He was born in Psari , Messenia , Greece in 1919 .
Cheb Sahraoui ( b Mohammed Sahraoui , Tlemcen , Algeria , 1 April 1961 ) is an Algerian raï musician , the first to tour North America and the first to incorporate electronic synthesizers into his arrangements .
Ekusher Gaan ( " The Song of Twentyfirst " ) , more popularly known ( after its first line ) as Amar Bhaier Rokte Rangano ( " My Brothers ' Blood Spattered " ) is a Bengali song written by Abdul Gaffar Choudhury to mark the Bengali Language Movement in 1952 East Pakistan .
Every 21 February sees people from all parts of the Bangladesh heading to the Shaheed Minar in the probhat feri , a barefoot march to the monument , paying homage to those killed in the language movement demonstrations by singing this song .
It is regarded by the listeners of BBC Bengali Service as the third best song in Bengali .
The English translation below was rendered by Kabir Chowdhury .
The Wattles Estate , originally known as Jualita , is a historic house and park in the Hollywood area of Los Angeles , California , United States .
Next to the Wattles Mansion are Wattles Park and Wattles Gardens , now administered by the City of Los Angeles and open to the public .
C. J. Prentiss is an American politician of the Democratic party who served in the Ohio State Senate from 1999 until 2007 .
During the 126th Ohio General Assembly , she served as Minority Leader .
From 1985 to 1990 , Prentiss served on the Ohio State Board of Education .
Prentiss served four terms in the Ohio House of Representatives before she was elected to the Senate in 2000 .
In the 125th General Assembly , Prentiss served as the minority whip .
Prentiss was the president of the Ohio Legislative Black Caucus .
She follows Rhine McLin as the second African - American woman to serve as the Democratic leader in the Ohio Senate .
She was a candidate in the special election to replace Stephanie Tubbs - Jones in the 110th Congress but withdrew before the Primary .
" Bouge de là " ( French , meaning : " move from there " or " get out of here " , also translated as " take a hike " ) is a song by MC Solaar .
This was his first single from his album Qui sème le vent récolte le tempo , and reached # 22 on French SNEP Singles Chart in September 1991 .
It was also the second hip hop hit in France , after Benny B 's " Vous êtes fous ! "
in 1990 , although it was considered by the French newspaper Le Figaro as the first one .
The song was covered by Les Enfoirés on their album 2011 : Dans l'œil des Enfoirés , and included in the medley " Une nuit au musée " .
He studied medicine in Vienna , Prague and Padua , and was later an obstetrician and assistant to professor Johann Klein of the maternity clinic at the Vienna General Hospital in Austria .
The Catholic Church in the Gambia and Sierra Leone , two Anglophone ( ex - British ) West African countries , is composed solely of a Latin hierarchy , comprising :
one ecclesiastical province , covering all and only Sierra Leone , comprising the Metropolitan of capital Freetown and three suffragan dioceses .
an exempt diocese ( directly dependent on the Holy See ) for all the Gambia , with see in its capital Banjul .
There formally is an Apostolic Nunciature ( embassy - level papal diplomatic representation ) to Sierra Leone and an Apostolic Nunciature to The Gambia , but both are vested in the Apostolic Nunciature to Liberia ( in its capital Monrovia ) .
Endurance : Shackleton 's Incredible Voyage is a bestselling book written by Alfred Lansing .
Demi - Gods and Semi - Devils is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong ( Louis Cha ) .
It was first serialised concurrently from 3 September 1963 to 27 May 1966 in the newspapers Ming Pao in Hong Kong and Nanyang Siang Pau in Singapore .
An alternative English title is Eight Books of the Heavenly Dragon .
The Astures or Asturs , also named Astyrs , were the Hispano - Celtic inhabitants of the northwest area of Hispania that now comprises almost the entire modern autonomous community of Principality of Asturias , the modern province of León , and the northern part of the modern province of Zamora ( all in Spain ) , and east of Trás os Montes in Portugal .
The Tunbao ( or Tunpu ) ( Simplified Chinese : 屯堡 ) are an officially unrecognized ethnic group of Guizhou and Yunnan provinces , China .
The Tunbao are descended from ethnic Han people who were part of an army sent on an expedition to Guizhou during the Hongwu reign of the Ming Dynasty .
The Tianlong Tunbao town , located near Anshun is a historic site where Tunbao homes and customs have been preserved , including the traditional Dixi opera or " ground opera " performances .
McFarland , USA ( also known as McFarland ) is a 2015 American sports drama film directed by Niki Caro , produced by Mark Ciardi and Gordon Gray , written by Christopher Cleveland , Bettina Gilois and Grant Thompson with music composed by Antônio Pinto .
Based on the true story of a 1987 cross country team from a mainly Latino high school in McFarland , California , the film stars Kevin Costner as Jim White , the school 's coach , who leads the team to win a state championship .
The Hope Island Resort Tennis Centre is a tennis venue located at the corner of Hope Island Road and Activa Way , Hope Island , Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
When Brisbane 's major tennis centre , Milton Courts , closed in 1990s due to financial losses , the Hope Island Resort Tennis Centre became increasingly used for major tennis events in Queensland .
When the Queensland Government opened their new Queensland Tennis Centre at Tennyson in Brisbane in 2008 , major events relocated to the new facility , while other events relocated to the Royal Pines tennis centre .
In 2012 , Tennis Blue took over the lease followed by Australia Tennis Academy in 2014 .
The Bahamas Bowl is a NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision college football bowl game played annually in Nassau , Bahamas , at the 15,000-seat Thomas Robinson Stadium .
The first game , played in 2014 , was the first major ( FBS or historical equivalent ) bowl game to be played outside the United States and Canada between two U.S. teams since the January 1 , 1937 , Bacardi Bowl in Havana , Cuba .
That first inaugural game featured teams from the Mid - American Conference and Conference USA .
Elk Grove Village , Illinois—"home to the largest industrial park in the United States "— picked up the sponsorship in 2018 , renaming the bowl as the Makers Wanted Bahamas Bowl .
Korie Howard Robertson ( born October 24 , 1973 ) is a reality television star on the A&E ; show Duck Dynasty .
Her husband is Willie Robertson .
Together , they have six children : John Luke , Sadie , Will , Bella , Rowdy , and Rebecca .
Ljubljana Town Hall ( , also known as or simply or ) is the town hall in Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia , is the seat of the City Municipality of Ljubljana .
It is located at Town Square in the city centre close to Ljubljana Cathedral .
" Push the Button " is a song by English girl group the Sugababes , released as the lead single from their fourth studio album Taller in More Ways ( 2005 ) .
Musically , " Push the Button " is an electropop and R&B ; song with various computer effects .
" Push the Button " appears on the soundtrack to It 's a Boy Girl Thing ( 2006 ) .
The Kaldanes are a fictitious sapient species existing in the region of Bantoom on the planet Barsoom in the John Carter series of books by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Introduced in the book Chessmen of Mars , the Kaldanes are almost all head , but for six arachnoid legs and a pair of chelae .
In order to function in the physical realm , the Kaldanes have bred the Rykors : a nonsentient complementary species composed of a body similar to that of a Red Martian but lacking a head ; when the Kaldane places itself upon the shoulders of the Rykor , a bundle of tentacles connects with the Rykor 's spinal cord , allowing the brain of the Kaldane to control its motor nerves and sensory nerves .
Should the Rykor become damaged or die , the Kaldane climbs upon another .
Although the Rykors breed like other animals , the Kaldanes do not breed except for their " king " :
They are carnivorous , and sometimes feed upon the Rykors .
In Larry Niven 's Rainbow Mars , Kaldanes also appear , although they are called the Tunnel Crabs .
Hercules & Love Affair is a dance music project created by American DJ Andy Butler in 2004 .
Originally based in New York City , now based in Ghent , Belgium , Hercules and Love Affair were founded following Butler 's collaboration with Anohni to produce the song " Blind " , which was a hit single .
Initially signing to DFA Records , for their eponymous 2008 debut album , the band went on to record two more albums for Moshi Moshi , Blue Songs ( 2011 ) and The Feast of the Broken Heart ( 2014 ) .
Their fourth album Omnion was released in September 2017 by Atlantic Records .
Anarchy Reigns , known in Japan as , is an open world beat 'em up video game developed by PlatinumGames , published by Sega , produced by Atsushi Inaba , and directed by Masaki Yamanaka .
Rudolf Hieronymus Eusebius von Colloredo - Waldsee , born 2 November 1585 in České Budějovice , Kingdom of Bohemia ( now in the Czech Republic ) , was a Bohemian nobleman and the brother of Hieronymus von Colloredo - Waldsee .
Although unable to prevent Prague Castle from falling to Sweden 's Hans Christoff von Königsmarck , Colloredo - Waldsee 's bold defense of Prague 's old town halted the Swedish invasion of Bohemia on 26 July 1648 and saved the Habsburg 's ancestral lands in Austria .
After the war , he built the Schönborn Palace in Prague home to the United States Embassy to the Czech Republic .
Kid Galahad is a 1962 American musical film starring Elvis Presley as a boxer .
The film is a remake of the 1937 original version starring Edward G. Robinson , Bette Davis , and Humphrey Bogart and directed by Michael Curtiz , who also directed the Presley 1958 film King Creole .
The National Call Party ( , hizb al - nida ' al - qawmi ) was a political party in Lebanon .
Not really a formally structured party , it functioned as a political platform for the el - Solh family and drew support mainly from poor Sunnis in Beirut and Sidon .
The party made some inroads in Tripoli ahead of the 1947 elections , in the wake of a corruption scandal damaging the position of local strongman Rachid Karami .
In August 1952 the party formed an alliance called the Popular Front together with the Kataeb Party and the Muslim National Congress .
Rosarito is a coastal resort city in the Mexican state of Baja California located approximately 10 miles south of the U.S. border in Rosarito Beach Municipality .
Often mistakenly called " Rosarito Beach " because of the well - known Rosarito Beach Hotel , the town of Rosarito is one part of the municipality named Playas de Rosarito ( " Beaches of Rosarito " ) .
Rosarito Beach is the seat of the municipality of Rosarito Beach .
It is the westernmost municipal seat in Mexico , slightly farther west than neighboring Tijuana , which lies inland to its north - northeast .
Fall River ( 2011 population : 11,526 ) is a suburban community in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
The waterfall was demolished in the late 1950s as a result of the construction of the Bicentennial Highway leading to Halifax ; the waterfall was located where the 4-lane expressway currently runs up the hill from the crossing of Lake Thomas to the interchange with Highway 118 at Miller Lake .
CBS Sports Network is an American digital cable and satellite television network that is owned by the CBS Corporation .
When it launched in 2002 as the National College Sports Network ( later College Sports Television also known as CSTV ) , it operated as a multi - platform media brand which also included its primary website , collegesports.com , and a network of websites operated for the athletic departments of 215 colleges and universities .
After CSTV was acquired by CBS in 2008 , the network was re - branded as the CBS College Sports Network .
The Airmail Flyers ' Medal of Honor is a United States decoration issued by the Post Office Department .
The decoration was authorized by Act of the United States Congress , February 14 , 1931 , for presentation by the President of the United States , but not in the name of the Congress .
The medal was designed by Walker Kirtland Hancock , head of the sculptor department of the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts , under the United States Commission of Fine Arts , of which Adolph Alexander Weinman was a member at the time .
Inspired partly by the Beatles ' song " In My Life " ( 1965 ) , various groups were appropriating baroque and classical instrumentation by early 1966 .
The term " baroque rock " was coined in promotional material for the Left Banke , who used harpsichords and violins in their arrangements and whose 1966 song " Walk Away Renée " exemplified the style .
The Arms - to - Iraq affair concerned the uncovering of the government - endorsed sale of arms by British companies to Iraq , then under the rule of Saddam Hussein .
The scandal contributed to the growing dissatisfaction with the Conservative government of John Major and may have contributed to the electoral landslide for Tony Blair 's Labour Party at the 1997 general election .
The whole affair also highlighted the weakness of the constitutional convention of individual ministerial accountability , leading to its codification as the Ministerial Code by the Blair Government .
Louis Pierre Althusser ( , ; ; 16 October 1918 – 22 October 1990 ) was a French Marxist philosopher .
Elena Albertina Iparraguirre Revoredo ( born 14 Sept. 1947 Ica , Peru ) , also known as Comrade Míriam , is a high - ranking member of the Peruvian Maoist revolutionary party Sendero Luminoso ( Shining Path ) .
Iparraguirre , another major female figure in the Shining Path , became the second - in - command , as well as Abimael Guzmán ’s lover and wife after first wife Augusta La Torre ’s death in 1988 .
In 2010 Iparraguirre and Guzmán were married .
The Zhangping – Quanzhou – Xiaocuo railway ( ) , also known as the Zhangquanxiao railway , is a regional railway in Fujian Province , China .
The line runs eastward from Zhangping , in the interior , to Quanzhou , on the coast , and terminates at the Xiaocuo Harbor in the Port of Quanzhou .
Construction began in 1958 and the Zhangping - Quanzhou section entered operation in 2001 .
The extension to Xiaochuo Harbor was built in 2007 .
The Zhangping – Quanzhou section of the rail line used to have fairly active passenger service , with a number of fairly slow trains connecting Quanzhou East railway station with major cities throughout China .
Passenger service on this line was terminated , and Quanzhou East railway station closed on December 9 , 2014 , presumably as a consequence of the introduction of much faster high - speed service on the Fuzhou – Xiamen railway and connecting lines .
In other cities of Commonwealth countries , India calls some of its consular missions " Assistant High Commissions " , although those in the cities of Birmingham and Edinburgh in the United Kingdom and the city of Hambantota in Sri Lanka are known as " Consulates - General " .
The Central Idaho Dark Sky Reserve is a dark - sky preserve near the Sawtooth National Recreation Area , in the U.S. state of Idaho .
It was designated on December 18 , 2017 and is the first gold - tier dark sky preserve in the United States .
The area includes the city of Ketchum , Idaho which was separately designated a " Dark Sky Community " in 2017 .
Idaho State Highway 75 in the Sawtooth Valley between Redfish Lake and Pettit Lake roughly traverses the reserve 's " core areas " .
Several sky quality meters are installed along State Highway 75 in this area .
Local communities and federal authorities collaborated in the designation ; the governments will take measures such as shielding street lights to preserve the area 's dark sky ; Ketchum has had a dark sky ordinance since 1999 , and Sun Valley , also in the reserve , has its own local ordinance .
The U.S. Forest Service , which manages much of the land in the area , will post informational signs about the dark sky reserve , and has said it will reduce light pollution from its buildings ; compliance by individuals on Forest Service land will be voluntary .
Another dark sky certification effort was under way in 2017 about away at Bruneau Dunes State Park , which hosts a public astronomical observatory .
The Raz de Sein is a stretch of water located between the Isle of Sein and the Pointe du Raz in Finistère in the Brittany region of France .
" Coming Down Again " is a song by the Rolling Stones featured on their 1973 album Goats Head Soup .
It is sung as a duet by Keith Richards and Mick Jagger .
Credited to Jagger / Richards , " Coming Down Again " is largely the work of Richards , who went as far as to say " ' Coming Down Again ' is my song " at the time of its release .
A slower ballad similar in mood to another track on the album , " Angie " , the lyrics tell of Richards ' relationship with then - girlfriend Anita Pallenberg , who had chosen to abandon her romantic liaison with his friend and bandmate Brian Jones in favour of one with Richards .
The song opens with Stones recording veteran Nicky Hopkins playing keyboards alongside a fluid , prominent bassline performed by Mick Taylor .
Guitars are performed by Richards , who uses the wah - wah pedal for much of the song ( an effect used often on Goats Head Soup ) , as well as Leslie speakers .
Recorded in Kingston 's Dynamic Sound Studios in November and December , 1972 , " Coming Down Again " is regarded as one of Richards ' best lead vocal performances .
Despite some popularity , Richards has never performed the song live on tour with the Rolling Stones .
Mahamakut Buddhist University or MBU (; ) is one of the two public Buddhist universities in Thailand .
Founded in 1893 as an educational institute for monks , by King Chulalongkorn in remembrance of his late father King Mongkut .
Ou Reang Ov District ( ) is a district ( srok ) located in Tboung Khmum Province , Cambodia .
The district capital is Ou Reang Ov town located around 30 kilometres south of the provincial capital of Kampong Cham by road .
Prior to 31 December 2013 when Tboung Khmum Province was formed by royal decree , the district was part of Kampong Cham Province .
Ou Reang Ov is a long narrow district located in southern Tboung Khmum .
Ou Reang Ov town lies on National Highway 11 which runs from Neak Leung in Prey Veng province to an intersection with National Highway 7 at Thnal Totoung in Tboung Kmom District .
Finlands sak är vår ( English : The Finnish cause is ours ) is the title of a Swedish book written by journalists Olof Lagercrantz and Karl - Gustaf Hillebrand .
The sentence was coined by Swedish foreign minister Christian Günther .
As of 2008 , he lives in Swarthmore , Pennsylvania , with his wife and two children .
The Anahita Temple ( ) is the name of one of two archaeological sites in Iran popularly thought to have been attributed to the ancient deity Anahita .
The larger and more widely known of the two is located at Kangāvar in Kermanshah Province .
The other is located at Bishapur .
The remains at Kangavar reveal an edifice that is Hellenistic in character , and yet display Persian architectural designs .
This is thought to be corroborated by the " two lateral stairways that ascend the massive stone platform recalling Achaemenid traditions " , particularly that of the Apadana Palace at Persepolis .
Another Iranian construction with Hellenistic characteristics is the Khurra mausoleum in Markazi Province .
Vithura is a small village situated 36   km from Thiruvananthapuram , capital of the Kerala state in India .
Vithura is the crossroads to various tourist , cultural , and religious centres .
Surrounded by the Western Ghats ( Sahyadri ) , Vithura is a prime tourist spot .
The campus for the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research , Thiruvananthapuram is being constructed here .
Prominent tourist spots include Ponmudi , Peppara Dam , Meenmutty Falls , Bonacaud and Agastyakoodam .
A stones throw away from Vithura lies Iruthalamoola Junction in the Tholicode Panchayath .
Iru in Malayalam means two and Thala means head and moola means corner .
Perhaps the place got its name because the Trivandrum to Ponmudi and Vithura to Aryanad roads meet at Eruthalamoola Junction .
Perched on a hill very close to Iruthalamoola stands a massive magnificent rock called Chittiparra .
Chittiparra is frequented by adventure type tourists keen on the challenges of rock climbing .
A visit to the rubber plantations , including the local kalaris ( Traditional Martial Arts Schools ) is a must to every visitor .
Notre - Dame de Paris (; ; meaning " Our Lady of Paris " ) , also known as Notre - Dame Cathedral or simply Notre - Dame , is a medieval Catholic cathedral on the Île de la Cité in the fourth arrondissement of Paris , France .
In the 1790s , Notre - Dame suffered desecration during the French Revolution when much of its religious imagery was damaged or destroyed .
Soon after the publication of Victor Hugo 's novel The Hunchback of Notre Dame in 1831 , popular interest in the building revived .
As the cathedral of the Archdiocese of Paris , Notre - Dame contains the cathedra of the Archbishop of Paris , currently Michel Aupetit .
12 million people visit Notre - Dame yearly , which makes it the most visited monument in Paris .
Nina Solheim ( born 4 August 1979 ) is a Norwegian taekwondo practitioner .
In addition to a bronze medal from the 2001 World Taekwondo Championships in Jeju , South Korea , Solheim won the gold medal in middleweight ( 72   kg ) at the 2006 World Cup in Bangkok , Thailand .
Solheim is a well known athlete in Norway .
She was born in South Korea , and at the age of seven months , she and her twin sister Mona were adopted by Norwegian parents , growing up in Namsos .
Richard Wettstein ( 30 June 1863 in Vienna – 10 August 1931 in Trins ) was an Austrian botanist .
He was a professor at the University of Prague from 1892 , and at the University of Vienna from 1899 .
In 1901 he became president of the Vienna Zoological - Botanical Society ( Zoologisch - Botanische Gesellschaft ) , and during the same year took part in a scientific expedition to Brazil .
In 1919 he was appointed vice - president of the Vienna Academy of Sciences .
The Moneypenny Diaries : Guardian Angel is the first in a trilogy of novels chronicling the life of Miss Moneypenny , M 's personal secretary in Ian Fleming 's James Bond series .
The first instalment , subtitled Guardian Angel was released in the United Kingdom on October 10 , 2005 by John Murray publishers .
A United States edition was published by Thomas Dunne Books on May 13 , 2008 , although this edition has no subtitle .
The Indian Statutory Commission , commonly referred to as the Simon Commission , was a group of seven British Members of Parliament under the chairmanship of Sir John Allsebrook Simon .
The commission arrived in British India in 1928 to study constitutional reform in Britain 's most important colonial dependency .
At the time of introducing the Montagu – Chelmsford Reforms in 1919 , the British Government declared that a commission would be sent to India after ten years to examine the effects and operations of the constitutional reforms and to suggest more reforms for India .
In November 1927 , the British government appointed a commission to report on India 's constitutional progress for introducing constitutional reforms , as promised .
The Commission was strongly opposed by many in India and met with protests in every major Indian city it visited .
Prominent Indian nationalist Lala Lajpat Rai led a protest in Lahore .
Harbin – Qiqihar intercity railway , also known as Ha Qi passenger - dedicated line ( PDL ) , is the China ’s most northerly high - speed railway .
It opened for revenue service on 17 August 2015 , connecting the two principal cities in Heilongjiang province , Harbin and Qiqihar .
Under construction since 2009 , the 286 km line has intermediate stations at Harbin Bei , Zhaodong , Anda , Daqing Dong , Daqing Xi and Taikang .
Black Isle Studios was a division of the developer and publisher Interplay Entertainment that developed role - playing video games .
Black Isle was based in Irvine , California .
They also achieved success with the Icewind Dale and Baldur 's Gate series of role - playing video games , though they only published the Baldur 's Gate series .
Interplay revived the Black Isle name in August of 2012 with the intention of producing new role - playing games under that label .
The Capture of Jericho occurred between 19 and 21 February 1918 to the east of Jerusalem beginning the Occupation of the Jordan Valley during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign of the First World War .
Kanwari , also spelled Kunwari , Knwari or Kwari , is a village of 7,000 population , in Hansi - I Tehsil , Hisar-1 Rural Development Block , Hansi ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) and Hisar ( Lok Sabha constituency ) of Hisar District of Hisar Division in the Haryana state of India .
The village has 4 panna / patti ( subdivisions ) , named as Nangalia Panna , Sheoran Panna , etc .
It is situated from the state capital Chandigarh , from the national capital Delhi , from the district headquarter Hisar , from Bhiwani and from the Tosham Hill range beginning at Khanak .
GEC Plessey Telecommunications ( GPT ) was founded in 1988 as a joint venture between GEC and the British electronics , defence and telecommunications company Plessey .
A joint holding company of GEC and the German conglomerate Siemens AG acquired Plessey a year later , and GPT was converted into a 60/40 GEC / Siemens joint venture .
By October 1997 , the company evolved into Siemens GEC Communication Systems ( SCGS ) .
In 1998 , it was amalgamated into Siemens Communications ( the largest division of Siemens , which would became part of Siemens Enterprise Communications in 2008 ) .
In August 1998 , GEC acquired the 40 % stake held by Siemens in GPT ( by now only existing as a legal entity ) , and merged it into its newly founded subsidiary Marconi Communications .
Through a series of mergers , divisions and restructuring in 1998/1999 , GEC was renamed to Marconi plc , which was again restructured to Marconi Corporation plc in May 2003 .
In 2005 , Marconi Corporation plc along with its subsidiary Marconi Communications , was sold to Ericsson and the remainder was renamed Telent plc .
Instrument is a documentary film directed by Jem Cohen about the band Fugazi .
The film takes its title from the Fugazi song of the same name , from their 1993 album , In on the Kill Taker .
It was shot from 1987 through 1998 on super 8 , 16 mm and video and is composed mainly of footage of concerts , interviews with the band members , practices , tours and time spent in the studio recording their 1995 album , Red Medicine .
Barbro Stigsdotter was the daughter of Stig Hansson , a Vogt of the mine Jönshyttan in Tuna , and married the noble Are nt Persson of Ornäs .
Wyndham Robertson ( January 26 , 1803February 11 , 1888 ) was the Acting Governor of the U.S. state of Virginia from 1836 to 1837 .
He also twice served multiple terms in the Virginia House of Delegates , the second series representing Richmond during the American Civil War .
After the war , he was a member of the Committee of Nine that helped usher Virginia back into the Union without imposing disabilities upon former Confederates .
Crkvine ( ) is a Neolithic locality and an archaeological site in the village of Stubline in the municipality of Obrenovac , which is part of the City of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Taking in account its geographical position , a regular street - like layout of houses , close economic and , presumably , social connections with the surrounding contemporary settlements and beyond , the Crkvine settlement appears to be a " burgeoning proto - urban society " , in the region bounded by three rivers , the Sava , Kolubara and Tamnava .
Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation album by American hard rock band Aerosmith , released by Columbia Records in October 1980 .
The single version of " Same Old Song and Dance " was used , and was edited down almost a full minute .
" Kings and Queens " was also edited down , cutting the intro and certain other parts .
" Walk This Way " was edited slightly , chanting the first chorus once instead of twice .
In 1997 , a slightly revised version , Greatest Hits 1973–1988 , was released , with the ten tracks in their edited versions retained , with five additional songs from the same era added , plus the 1991 version of " Sweet Emotion " and a live version of " One Way Street " .
Neba'a Faour , Tell Neba'a Faour , Mashna'et el Faour , Neba Faour or Nebaa Faour is a large , low - lying archaeological tell mound in the Bekaa Valley , Lebanon inhabited in the late 7th and early 6th millennium BC .
The following is an incomplete list of people who have either declined or renounced an Indian honour or decoration .
These include recipients of the Bharat Ratna and the Padma awards ( Padma Vibhushan , Padma Bhushan , Padma Shri ) , along with other Indian governmental awards .
However in 1902 he got in trouble for criticising the authorities and returned to Germany .
He worked as an editor first in Kassel and then in Wroclaw before moving to Berlin .
Quade originally supported , the club that his older brothers Tom and Mike had played for , but with the advent of zoned country recruitment in late 1967 , Quade would end up joining South Melbourne from Ariah Park , New South Wales in 1970 and played as a ruck - rover .
The Bartlesville Boosters were a minor league baseball team that existed on - and - off from 1907 to 1924 .
The team , based in Bartlesville , Oklahoma , USA , played in the Oklahoma – Arkansas – Kansas League ( 1907 ) , Oklahoma – Kansas League ( 1908 ) and Western Association ( 1909 – 1910 , 1924 ) .
Captain Edgar Gaston Furtado Abraham ( 1880 – 17 February 1955 ) was a British civil servant and judge in India .
He joined the Indian Civil Service in 1904 , serving in the Punjab throughout his career .
On the outbreak of the First World War in 1914 , he returned to Britain to be commissioned into the Royal Garrison Artillery , serving on the Western Front and reaching the rank of Captain .
Returning to India , he served successively as Deputy Commissioner of the Punjab , Home Secretary of the Punjab , and as a Sessions Judge .
The Sidi Saiyyed Mosque , popularly known as Sidi Saiyyid ni Jali locally , built in 1572 - 73 AD ( Hijri year 980 ) , is one of the most famous mosques of Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
As attested by the marble tablet fixed on the wall of the mosque , it was built by Sidi Saiyyid in the retinue of Bilal Jhajar Khan , general in the army of the last Sultan Shams - ud - Din Muzaffar Shah III of the Gujarat Sultanate .
The mosque was built in the last year of the existence of Gujarat Sultanate .
This intricately carved lattice stone window is the Sidi Saiyyed Jali , the unofficial symbol of city of Ahmedabad and the inspiration for the design of the logo of the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad .
This is possibly because the mosque was not completed according to plan before the Mughals invaded Gujarat .
Batkid Begins is a 2015 American documentary film co - produced ( with Liza Maek ) , co - written ( with Kurt Kuenne ) and directed by Dana Nachman .
Once the request went out , thousands of volunteers , city officials , businesses and supporters rallied to turn San Francisco , California into " Gotham City " – the fictional home city of Batman , on November 15 , 2013 , for one of the largest and most elaborate Make - A - Wish projects ever staged .
The Predator is the third studio album by Ice Cube .
Though not Ice Cube 's most critically successful album , The Predator is his most commercially successful , reaching 2x platinum status in the United States , also containing his most successful single , " It Was a Good Day . "
Stair Dismount ( also known as Porrasturvat ) is a computer game originally made by Jetro Lauha of tAAt .
Ranil Wickremesinghe , MP ( , ; born 24 March 1949 ) is a Sri Lankan politician who served as the 15th Prime Minister of Sri Lanka , from 9 January 2015 to 26 October 2018 .
For his fourth term as the Prime Minister of the United National Party since 1994 , and a Member of Parliament for Colombo District since 1977 .
He is also the leader of the United National Front , having been appointed head of the alliance in October 2009 .
Wickremesinghe 's coalition alliance , the United National Front for Good Governance , won the 2015 parliamentary election with 106 seats .
Wickremesinghe was relieved of his duties as Prime Minister effective immediately on 26 October 2018 by President Maithripala Sirisena with the appointment of former President Mahinda Rajapaksa as the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka , which Wickremesinghe has claimed unconstitutional and refused to accept resulting in a 2018 Sri Lankan constitutional crisis .
Ayatollah of Rock ' n ' Rolla is a 2014 single released by Soulfly .
The song was first released on the album Savages in 2013 .
Nathan Coenen ( Perth , Western Australia , 10 September 1992 ) is an Australian actor .
The Belknap Stone House in Newburgh , New York , USA , was built by Abel Belknap in the 1750s .
Located on Broadway ( New York State Route 17 K ) near the city 's western boundary , it is the second oldest structure in the city after Hasbrouck House , Washington 's headquarters during the last years of the American Revolutionary War .
Belknap chaired the local Committee of Safety during the war , and when the Continental Army was encamped in the Newburgh area in 1782 - 83 , the house served as James Clinton 's headquarters in the area .
Union Peak is a heavily eroded shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon , located along the Cascade Crest less than southwest of the rim of Crater Lake .
This is the same process that formed the summit horns of Three Fingered Jack , Mount Washington , Howlock Mountain , and Mount Thielsen from other shield volcanoes farther north in the Oregon Cascades .
Union Peak is located within Crater Lake National Park , and the summit was used as a post for fire lookouts from the 1930s to the 1950s .
A trail leads to the summit from the Pacific Crest Trail off Oregon Route 62 .
" Father 's Day " is the eighth episode of the first series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who , first broadcast on 14 May 2005 on BBC One .
In the episode , alien time traveller the Doctor ( Christopher Eccleston ) agrees to take his companion Rose Tyler ( Billie Piper ) back to the day her father Pete ( Shaun Dingwall ) died in 1987 .
The monster element of the story was expanded based on suggestions from Cornell and BBC Head of Drama Jane Tranter , and the Reapers went through many designs .
" Father 's Day " was watched by 8.06 million viewers in the United Kingdom and received generally positive reviews .
DCOM is supported natively in Windows NT 4.0 , Windows 2000 , Windows XP , and Windows Server 2003 , as well as Windows 7 , Windows 8 , Windows 10 , Windows Server 2008 , Windows Server 2008 R2 , Windows Server 2012 , Windows Server 2012 R2 and Windows Server 2016 .
" Satellite " is a song recorded by Canadian rock group Nickelback for their eighth studio album , No Fixed Address ( 2014 ) .
Nickelback co - produced the track with Chris Baseford .
Camilo José Vergara ( born 1944 in Santiago , Chile ) is a Chilean - born , New York - based writer , photographer and documentarian .
Trained as a sociologist with a specialty in urbanism , Vergara turned to his systematic documentation at a moment of urban decay , and he chose locales where that stress seemed highest : the housing projects of Chicago ; the South Bronx of New York City ; Camden , New Jersey ; and Detroit , Michigan , among others .
Pocatello Regional Airport is a city - owned , public - use airport located seven   nautical miles ( 13   km ) northwest of the central business district of Pocatello , a city in Bannock County , Idaho , United States .
The airport is built on the site of the Pocatello Army Airfield , a World War II training base .
The airport is also the home to the National Weather Service Pocatello Office .
As per the Federal Aviation Administration , this airport had 25,756 passenger boardings ( enplanements ) in calendar year 2008 , 21,039 in 2009 , and 20,825 in 2010 .
The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a primary commercial service airport .
The airport is home to the Kizuna Garden , built to commemorate the bond between Pocatello and its sister city Iwamizawa .
The Australian Minister for Industry , Innovation and Science was a portfolio in the Government of Australia between 1928 , when the post was held by John Latham as the Minister for Industry , and 20 December 2017 , when the last incumbent of the office was Senator The Hon .
In the Government of Australia , the ministers administered their former portfolios through the Department of Industry , Innovation and Science .
Gary Ewing was the second son of oil baron Jock Ewing and Miss Ellie Ewing , the father of Lucy Ewing and the ex - husband of Valene Ewing .
Ames Laboratory is a United States Department of Energy national laboratory located in Ames , Iowa and affiliated with Iowa State University .
This is a top level national laboratory for new research in various domains concerning national security and resource management .
In January 2013 the Department of Energy announced the establishment of the Critical Materials Institute ( CMI ) at Ames Laboratory , with a mission to develop solutions to the domestic shortages of rare - earth metals and other materials critical for U.S. energy security .
Oddworld : Abe 's Exoddus is a platform video game developed by Oddworld Inhabitants and published by GT Interactive .
Although the game is a sequel to the video game , it is considered a spin - off title in the Oddworld series , and not part of the main Oddworld Quintology .
Alfred Mechtersheimer is a former Bundestag member and Neue Rechte politician and author .
A former German Air Force colonel and a spokesperson for the far - right Deutschland - Bewegung , Mechtersheimer is known for his protest against Germany 's participation in NATO .
Loyola University Chicago Quinlan School of Business encompasses the undergraduate , graduate , and executive - level business programs of Loyola University Chicago in downtown Chicago , Illinois , with campuses and partnerships in Rome , Italy ; Beijing , China ; and Saigon - Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam .
For many years he was director of the Ecumenical Center for Human Rights based in Haiti 's capital , Port - au - Prince , and a leader of the National Congress of Democratic Movements , a moderate socialist political party also known as KONAKOM .
Land and Sea is a locally produced Canadian documentary television show broadcast in Newfoundland and Labrador on CBNT - DT in St. John 's , and on all CBC Television outlets throughout the province .
It has been on the air since 1964 ( interrupted only by a short cancellation in the early 1990s , but revived after an outcry from fans ) , and is the longest running regional television program on CBC Television .
The former involved displays such as those set up for royal visits and births as well as for religious celebrations ; the latter included a large number of family dwellings in Naples , including his own Palazzo Sanfelice , built between 1723 and 1728 , and the Palazzo Serra di Cassano , finished around 1730 .
Sanfelice also worked on churches in Naples , including San Lorenzo Maggiore , San Giovanni a Carbonara , and the chapel of the Nunziatella at the Nunziatella military academy
Valgerd Svarstad Haugland ( born 23 August 1956 ) is a Norwegian teacher , politician and civil servant .
She was leader of the Christian Democratic Party in Norway between 1995 and 2000 .
Since 2011 she has been county governor of Oslo and Akershus .
Until 2010 she was a board member of the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation .
This a list of votes of no confidence in British governments led by Prime Ministers of the former Kingdom of Great Britain and the United Kingdom .
Following the defeat , Prime Minister James Callaghan was forced to hold a general election by May ; he was defeated by Margaret Thatcher of the Conservative Party .
The Eno River , named for the Eno Indians who once lived along its banks , is the initial tributary of the Neuse River in North Carolina , USA .
The Eno rises in Orange County .
The river 's watershed occupies most of Orange and Durham counties .
The Eno converges with the Flat and Little Rivers to form the Neuse at Falls Lake , which straddles Durham and Wake counties .
Through the combined efforts of the North Carolina State Parks System , local government , and private non - profit preservation groups , over of land have been protected in the Eno Basin , including Occoneechee Mountain State Natural Area , Eno River State Park , West Point on the Eno ( a Durham City Park ) , and Penny 's Bend State Nature Preserve ( managed by the North Carolina Botanical Garden ) .
The Aquino family of Tarlac is one of the most prominent oligarchs in the Philippines because of their involvement in politics .
" Good Riddance ( Time of Your Life ) " is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day .
Although written by lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong before the release of the band 's third album Dookie ( 1994 ) , the song was not released until Green Day 's fifth album , Nimrod ( 1997 ) , and was the second single released from that album .
An alternative version ( in a different key , with a faster tempo and sparer arrangement ) appeared as a B - side to the 1995 European single for " Brain Stew / Jaded " .
Evelina De Lain ( born Evelina Renatovna Pronskaya on 2 February 1977 in Zhovti Vody near Dnipropetrovsk , Ukraine ) is a London - based classical and jazz pianist , composer , and arranger known for her crossover composition style .
She tours Europe with classical / jazz / contemporary crossover recitals and regularly performs in London , England with her trio .
He was born in Oslo as a son of writer Erik Egeland and grandson of John Oscar Egeland .
Failon Ngayon ( Failon Ngayon sa DZMM [ ] ; formerly Tambalang Failon at Sanchez and Tambalang Failon at Webb ) is a Philippine morning radio talk show hosted by Ted Failon , and broadcast Weekdays from 8:00am to 10:00am PHT nationwide on ABS - CBN 's Radyo Patrol radio network from the studio of DZMM - AM , and simulcast on DZMM TeleRadyo .
" Honey Chile " is a 1967 single by Motown girl group Martha Reeves and the Vandellas on the Gordy label .
Filled with Southern connotations ( inspired by Reeves ' birth in rural Alabama ) , the tune rose to number eleven on the Billboard pop singles chart and number five on the Billboard R&B ; singles chart .
It is notable for several reasons : it is the first track to feature new member , Martha 's younger sister Sandra " Lois " Reeves replacing just - fired Betty Kelley , it was the group 's twelfth top 40 pop single , and it was also the last top 40 hit the group would score throughout the rest of their Motown tenure though they would score several top 40 R&B ; singles before leaving the label in 1973 .
It was also the first single to be credited as Martha Reeves and the Vandellas after the label requested that some of the lead singers of several groups put their name in front of the group 's to earn billing for both lead singer and group .
The Multicultural History Society of Ontario ( MHSO ) is a not - for - profit educational institution and archives located in Toronto , Canada .
Rachel Boymvol was the daughter of Judah - Leib Boimvol , a theater manager and director who was murdered in a pogrom in 1920 while touring with his Jewish company .
In 1971 she was able to emigrate to Israel , and settled with her family in Jerusalem .
The Bathers ( French : Les Baigneuses ) is an oil painting on canvas made between 1918 and 1919 by the French painter Pierre - Auguste Renoir .
One of the models of this painting is Andrée Hessling , who became the first wife of Renoir 's son , Jean .
Christopher Austin ( born 14 November 1968 ) is a British conductor , and an arranger and orchestrator of film and television scores .
He has also worked with many of the leading orchestras in the UK and Europe , including the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and The Royal Ballet .
He was the composition tutor of Paul Morley in the BBC television documentary How to Be a Composer .
Tin Pan Alley Cats is a 1943 animated short subject , directed by Bob Clampett for Leon Schlesinger Productions as part of Warner Bros. ' Merrie Melodies series .
Super Mario World is a 1990 side - scrolling platform game developed and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) .
The story follows Mario 's quest to save Princess Toadstool and Dinosaur Land from the series antagonist Bowser and his children , the Koopalings .
The gameplay is similar to that of earlier Super Mario games : Players control Mario or his brother Luigi through a series of levels in which the goal is to reach the flagpole at the end .
Super Mario World introduced Yoshi , a dinosaur who can eat enemies and gain abilities by eating the shells of Koopa Troopas .
Nintendo Entertainment Analysis & Development developed the game , led by director Takashi Tezuka and producer and series creator Shigeru Miyamoto .
Yoshi was conceptualised during the development of the NES games but was not used until Super Mario World due to hardware limitations .
It also led to an animated television series of the same name and a prequel , Yoshi 's Island , released in August and October 1995 .
It has been rereleased on multiple occasions : It was part of the 1994 compilation Super Mario All - Stars + Super Mario World for the SNES and was rereleased for the Game Boy Advance as Super Mario World : Super Mario Advance 2 in 2001 , on the Virtual Console for the Wii , Wii U , and New Nintendo 3DS consoles , and as part of the Super NES Classic Edition .
The Steuben Memorial State Historic Site is a historic location in the eastern part of Steuben , Oneida County , New York , that honors Baron von Steuben , the " Drillmaster of the American Revolution " .
The land in this part of Oneida County was part of a land grant made to von Steuben for his services to the United States .
" Paper Hearts " is the tenth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series The X - Files .
It was written by Vince Gilligan , directed by Rob Bowman , and featured guest appearances by Tom Noonan , Rebecca Toolan and Vanessa Morley .
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) , who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X - Files .
Mulder is a believer in the paranormal , and the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work .
In this episode , Mulder and Scully find that a child killer ( Tom Noonan ) who Mulder had helped to apprehend several years earlier had claimed more victims than he had confessed to ; and in the resulting investigation , learn that the killer is now claiming to have killed Mulder 's sister Samantha .
Gilligan came up with the concept for " Paper Hearts " when thinking about the series ' longest running storyline , the abduction of Samantha Mulder ; he came up with a story questioning whether Samantha had not been abducted by aliens , but was rather murdered by a child killer instead .
Revival school was most active in Saint Petersburg , less in Moscow and other cities .
Neoclassical architects born in the 1870s , who reached their peak activity in 1905 - 1914 ( Ivan Fomin , Vladimir Shchuko , Ivan Zholtovsky ) , later became leading figures in stalinist architecture of the 1930s and shaped Soviet architectural education system .
Arras Cathedral ( French : Cathédrale Notre - Dame - et - Saint - Vaast d'Arras ) is the Roman Catholic church in the city of Arras , France .
The original cathedral of Arras , constructed between 1030 and 1396 , was one of the most beautiful Gothic structures in northern France , until it was destroyed in the French Revolution .
The cathedral was the resting place of Louis de Bourbon , Légitimé de France , a legitimated son of Louis XIV and Louise de La Vallière .
Arras Cathedral was heavily damaged by shelling in April 1917 , during the run - up to the Nivelle offensives of World War I , and subsequently rebuilt in its previous form .
The cathedral is adjacent to the Musée des beaux - arts d'Arras , formerly the Benedictine Abbey of Saint - Vaast .
Lora is a harbor in the northwestern part of Split , Croatia , in the Bay of Kaštela .
During the Croatian War of Independence , it was the site of the Lora prison camp .
Ever since its founding in 1991 , Lora naval base has served as the HQ of Croatian Navy .
Lora is also the HQ of Croatian Coast Guard .
The only submarine that has served with Croatian Navy , Velebit , is on permanent display in Lora .
The Looting of Battleford began at the end of March , 1885 , during the North - West Rebellion , in the town of Battleford , Saskatchewan , then a part of the Northwest Territories .
Cree bands sympathetic to the Métis cause and with grievances of their own began raiding stores and farms in the western part of the District of Saskatchewan for arms , ammunition and food supplies while civilians fled to the larger settlements and forts of the North - West Territories .
Rose Kennedy ( also commonly known as a " VSS , " " The Michele , " " The White Girl , " " The Brian Ziegler , " or " vodka soda splash " ) is a cocktail popular in the mid - Atlantic and Northeastern United States .
The cocktail , typically garnished with a lemon or lime wedge , is based on the Cape Cod and named after Rose Kennedy , the matriarch of the Kennedy Family of Cape Cod and the mother of President John F. Kennedy from Massachusetts .
The cocktail is one of the most commonly ordered cocktails in many American bars , though usually referred to as a " vodka soda , splash of cran . "
Jarekus Singleton ( born July 11 , 1984 in Clinton , Mississippi , United States ) is an American blues guitarist , singer and songwriter .
Refuse To Lose was his first nationally and internationally distributed album .
It was released on the Chicago - based independent blues record label Alligator Records on May 6 , 2014 .
She represented the Quebec riding of Montreal — Mercier where she was first elected in the 1984 federal election .
It regularly strays to southeasternmost Arizona in the United States where it occasionally breeds–(the Madrean sky islands ) .
Sir William John Polson ( 6 June 1875 – 8 October 1960 ) was a New Zealand politician , first as an Independent and then in the National Party .
He joined the National Party on its formation in 1936 , and " later acted effectively as Holland 's deputy " .
He represented the electorate of in Parliament from 1928 to 1946 , when he retired .
He was appointed to the Legislative Council on 15 March 1950 , as a member of the suicide squad which was to vote the Council out of existence .
The Affiliated Residential Park Residents Association Incorporated ( ARPRA ) is an incorporated non - profit association with a registered office in Port Macquarie , New South Wales , Australia .
Established in 1986 to represent residents of residential parks in Port Stephens and the city of Lake Macquarie , ARPRA has since expanded and today represents affiliates from the Great Lakes , Mid North Coast , Central Coast , South Coast , Tweed Heads , Illawarra , Hunter , Coffs Harbour , Nambucca Valley , Yamba , Iluka , Kingscliff , Grafton , Northern Beaches and Greater Western Sydney regions .
The Theory of National Struggle ( simplified Chinese : 民族斗争理论 ; traditional Chinese : 民族鬥爭理論 ; pinyin : Mínzú Dòuzhēng Lilùn ) , or Ethnic Struggle , is one of Mao Zedong 's political theories on the application of Marxism in China .
The Academia Mexicana de la Lengua ( variously translated as the Mexican Academy of Language , the Mexican Academy of the Language , the Mexican Academy of Letters , or glossed as the Mexican Academy of the Spanish Language ; acronym AML ) is the correspondent academy in Mexico of the Royal Spanish Academy .
It was founded in Mexico City on 11 September 1875 and , like the other academies , has the principal function of working to ensure the purity of the Spanish language .
The House of York was a cadet branch of the English royal House of Plantagenet .
Three of its members became Kings of England in the late 15th century .
The House of York was descended in the male line from Edmund of Langley , 1st Duke of York , the fourth surviving son of Edward III , but also represented Edward 's senior line , being cognatic descendants of Lionel , Duke of Clarence , Edward III 's second surviving son .
The reign of this dynasty ended with the death of Richard III of England at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485 .
Hook is a suburban area in south west London , England .
It forms part of the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames and is located 12 miles ( 19.3   km ) south west of Charing Cross .
Hook was a civil parish which formed part of the Surbiton Urban District of Surrey from 1895 .
The urban district became a municipal borough in 1936 and in 1965 its former area was transferred to Greater London .
The former area of the Hook parish , together with that of the Chessington parish , form a protrusion of Greater London with the Surrey districts of Elmbridge to the west , Mole Valley to the south and Epsom and Ewell to the east .
Jacques Poulin ( born 23 September 1937 in Saint - Gédéon , Quebec ) is a Canadian novelist with a quiet and intimate style of writing .
Poulin studied psychology and arts at the Université Laval in Quebec City ; he started his career as commercial translator and later became a college guidance counselor .
Poulin 's Volkswagen Blues was selected as a candidate in the CBC 's 2005 edition of Canada Reads , where it was championed by Roch Carrier , author and former National Librarian of Canada .
Commonwealth Park is in Canberra , Australia , on the north side of Lake Burley Griffin .
The annual spring Floriade festival is held in the park .
The gardens were designed by the eminent British landscape designer , Dame Sylvia Crowe in 1964 at the time the Lake was filled .
The park includes Regatta Point and has a view of the National Gallery , High Court , and National Library on the other side of the lake .
Kings Park is located adjacent to Commonwealth Park , along the lake to the east .
Bon Voyage is the eleventh studio album by Japanese recording artist Kumi Koda .
It was released on February 26 , 2014 by Rhythm Zone .
Bon Voyage is Koda 's first album since her 2012 Japonesque , and her longest album in production since her 2008 studio album Kingdom .
Bon Voyage became Koda 's seventh studio album to reach the top spot on Japan 's Oricon Albums Chart , but her first album to not ship over 100,000 units in that region .
Koda promoted the album through her 2014 Bon Voyage concert tour .
In the Republic of Austria , the Constitutional Court ( or ) is the tribunal responsible for the judicial review of the constitutionality of statutes , the legality of ordinances and other secondary legislation , and the constitutionality of decisions of certain other courts .
It hears election complaints , holds elected officials and political appointees accountable for their conduct in office , and adjudicates on liability claims against Austria and its bureaucracy .
The Constitutional Court consists of fourteen members and six substitute members , appointed by the president on nomination of the cabinet , the National Council , and the Federal Council .
The Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archdiocese of Nanking ( ) is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in China .
It was erected as the Apostolic Vicariate of Nanking in 1659 by Pope Alexander VII , and promoted to a diocese by Pope Alexander VIII on April 10 , 1690 .
However , the diocese was demoted to the Apostolic Vicariate of Kiangnan on January 21 , 1856 by Pope Pius IX , and its name was later changed to the Apostolic Vicariate of Kiangsu on August 8 , 1921 and to the Vicariate Apostolic of Nanking on May 1 , 1922 .
Pope Pius XII elevated it on April 11 , 1946 to the rank of a metropolitan archdiocese , with the suffragan sees of Haimen , Shanghai , Suzhou , and Xuzhou .
The archdiocese 's motherchurch and thus seat of its archbishop is the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception also known as the Shigu Road church .
On January 6 , 2000 , Francis Xavier Lu Xinping was ordained the new bishop of Nanjing along with four others in an illicit ceremony in Beijing 's South Cathedral .
John Christopher Smuts , known as Christopher Smuts , South African - born British barrister and Liberal Party politician .
Kelly Smuts , South African cricketer , younger brother of JJ Smuts .
Grażyna Gęsicka ( 13 December 1951 – 10 April 2010 ) was a Polish sociologist and politician and a former ( 2006 - 2007 ) minister of Regional Development in Marcinkiewicz 's and Jarosław Kaczyński 's government .
She was listed on the flight manifest of the Tupolev Tu-154 of the 36th Special Aviation Regiment carrying the President of Poland Lech Kaczyński which crashed near Smolensk - North airport near Pechersk near Smolensk , Russia , on 10 April 2010 , killing all aboard .
On 25 April , she was buried in the Smolensk Cemetery Headquarters Military Cemetery in Warsaw .
" Never Alone " is a song written by Gary Burr , Sarah Buxton , and Victoria Shaw and recorded by American songwriter and pianist Jim Brickman .
Originally recorded with American country music singer Sara Evans on vocals for his 2006 album , Escape , it was famously re - recorded with American country pop trio Lady Antebellum for its release as a single .
This latter version was released to digital retailers through Savoy Records on February 20 , 2007 and impacted American adult contemporary radio that spring .
Furthermore , the song was Lady Antebellum 's first entry on a Billboard chart before their proper debut single , " Love Do n't Live Here " , was released in October of that year ; they would later match this position with their own single , " I Run to You " in 2009 before topping the AC chart with " Need You Now " that same year .
Fairview is a neighbourhood on the west side of the city of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
It runs from 16th Avenue in the south , to Burrard Street in the west , to Cambie Street in the east , and to False Creek in the north .
Central Broadway is an important commercial and employment centre focused around Vancouver General Hospital and other health - related institutions , including the BC Cancer Agency , BC Cancer Research Centre , BC Healthy Living Alliance , and the BC Centre for Disease Control .
Other shopping areas in the neighbourhood are South Granville Rise , City Square Mall , and Granville Island .
It connects the Jordanian town of Ruwaished to the Iraqi town of Turaibil .
The border crossing is about 320 km ( 199 miles ) from Jordan 's capital Amman and 575 km ( 357 miles ) from the Iraqi capital Baghdad .
The Washington metropolitan area is also home to several major sports venues including Capital One Arena , RFK Stadium , FedExField , Audi Field , and Nationals Park .
The Central Savannah River Area ( CSRA ) is a trading and marketing region in the U.S. states of Georgia and South Carolina , spanning thirteen counties in Georgia and eight in South Carolina .
McCollum , the winner of a $ 250 contest held by The Augusta Chronicle to generate the best name for the area .
The region is located on and named after the Savannah River , which forms the border between the two states .
The largest cities within the CSRA are Augusta , Georgia and Aiken , South Carolina .
( The CSRA does not include the city of Savannah , Georgia or any portion of the Savannah metropolitan area . )
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the seven - county Augusta - Richmond County Metropolitan Statistical Area ( at the center of the CSRA ) had an estimated population of 580,270 in 2013 , making it the second most populous in the state of Georgia .
Production began in 2010 , with the casting of the four members of The Sapphires and filming taking place in and around Albury in Australia and Vietnam during August and September 2011 .
Sweet Savage are a heavy metal band from Belfast , Northern Ireland , formed in 1979 .
Sweet Savage released a new studio album , entitled Regeneration , in May 2011 .
Under a Spanish royal commission , he undertook a voyage around the world from 1786 to 1788 , then , from 1789 to 1794 , a scientific expedition ( the Malaspina Expedition ) throughout the Pacific Ocean , exploring and mapping much of the west coast of the Americas from Cape Horn to the Gulf of Alaska , crossing to Guam and the Philippines , and stopping in New Zealand , Australia , and Tonga .
Bebop or bop is a style of jazz developed in the early to mid-1940s in the United States , which features songs characterized by a fast tempo , complex chord progressions with rapid chord changes and numerous changes of key , instrumental virtuosity , and improvisation based on a combination of harmonic structure , the use of scales and occasional references to the melody .
Some of the most influential bebop artists , who were typically composer - performers , are : tenor sax players Dexter Gordon , Sonny Rollins , and James Moody ; alto sax player Charlie Parker ; trumpeters Fats Navarro , Clifford Brown , and Dizzy Gillespie ; pianists Bud Powell , Mary Lou Williams , and Thelonious Monk ; electric guitarist Charlie Christian , and drummers Kenny Clarke , Max Roach , and Art Blakey .
The United African National Council ( UANC ) was a political party in Zimbabwe .
In 1979 , led by Bishop Abel Muzorewa , the UANC Party held formal power in Zimbabwe during the short - lived period of the Internal Settlement .
In 1980 , during the Zimbabwean parliamentary election , the UANC Party was generally defeated by Robert Mugabe 's Zimbabwe African National Union – Patriotic Front ( ZANU - PF ) Party .
BBC Sessions is a live album by the British rock band Cream , released on 25 May 2003 on Polydor Records .
Between 21 October 1966 and 9 January 1968 , Cream recorded eight sessions for the BBC radio network , selected highlights from seven of which are featured in chronological order on this collection .
Only the versions of " Steppin ' Out " and " Lawdy Mama " had been previously released , although both were released on Eric Clapton 's Crossroads box set , not by the band itself .
BBC Sessions was later included as the third disc in the " limited edition box set " release of Cream 's 2005 compilation album I Feel Free – Ultimate Cream ( also known as Gold ) .
The Atheist Centre is an institution founded by Goparaju Ramachandra Rao ( aka Gora , 1902 – 1975 ) and Saraswathi Gora ( 1912 – 2006 ) to initiate social change in rural Andhra Pradesh based on the ideology of Gandhism and Atheism .
Founded in 1940 at Mudnur village in Krishna district in Andhra Pradesh , India the Centre was later shifted to Vijayawada in 1947 .
Gora 's daughter Mythri is currently the Chairperson , and sons Lavanam and Vijyam continuing as Executive Directors of the Centre .
The Battle of Naseby was a decisive engagement of the English Civil War , fought on 14 June 1645 between the main Royalist army of King Charles I and the Parliamentarian New Model Army , commanded by Sir Thomas Fairfax and Oliver Cromwell .
Lark Force was an Australian Army formation established in March 1941 during World War II for service in New Britain and New Ireland .
Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel John Scanlan , it was raised in Australia and deployed to Rabaul and Kavieng , aboard SS Katoomba , MV Neptuna and HMAT Zealandia , to defend their strategically important harbours and airfields .
Most of Lark Force was captured by the Imperial Japanese Army after Rabaul and Kavieng were captured in January 1942 .
The officers of Lark Force were transported to Japan , however the NCOs and men were unfortunately torpedoed by the USS Sturgeon while being transported aboard the Montevideo Maru .
Only a handful of the Japanese crew were rescued , with none of the between 1,050 and 1,053 prisoners aboard surviving as they were still locked below deck .
